Supports the creation and development of relevant and engaging social media content for Republic Services social media channels, as well as customized content for select external stakeholder use.
Develops standards and systems for content creation, distribution, maintenance, retrieval, and repurposing.
Develops processes to gather and disseminate news, stories, and other relative content from the field to ensure consistency, accuracy, and timeliness of information on a variety of communication platforms.
Provides strategic recommendations, in collaboration with project leaders, for telling a compelling story across multiple platforms tailored to meet objectives of each channel (customers, employees, media, etc.).
Analyzes, reviews, and reports on effectiveness of social media tactics and campaigns, overall engagement and community sentiment in an effort to maximize results across all channels.
Monitors, reviews, and updates statistics and analytics reports to support business decisions.
Monitors and evaluates relevant industry activity or trends in social media to inform internal stakeholders and decision making.
Makes recommendations to optimize reach and engagement.
Performs other job-related duties as assigned or apparent.
The statements used herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by an employee in this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required by an incumbent so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the Company.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with a professional social media platform with focused experience for a brand, agency, or corporation.
Demonstrated knowledge of fundamental SEO and SEM practices, digital content cultivation and management, CSM systems, and web and social media analytical tools.
Experience with digital graphic design.
Broader online marketing experience in paid social media, email, search, affiliates, web analytics, display, or merchandising.
Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Advertising, Communications, or related field.
Minimum of 3 years of experience in implementing and managing social media strategies.
Minimum of 3 years of direct responsibility with corporate social media platforms.
Other Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
Knowledge and understanding of community management, customer service, and user experience.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and a strong visual eye.
A passion for the internet and active social accounts and a thorough knowledge of audience usage trends.
Clear, cross-functional understanding of the social media space and how to achieve and articulate success within it.
An established knowledge base in planning, managing, and executing social media initiatives.
Excellent organizational and project management skills and the ability to handle and prioritize multiple projects.
A driven, service-oriented team player motivated to take initiative and smart risks.
Effective interpersonal communication across various levels of the organization and with external customers and vendors.