Taproot Foundation

Job title: Humanitarian 
Job location: Boston, MA, US
Job description: 
Free World Associates is seeking skilled volunteer support through Taproot+. Taproot+ is an online platform that connects nonprofits to professionals seeking strong opportunities to volunteer their talent for good. All Taproot+ projects are vetted and once Free World Associates selects a volunteer applicant, Taproot+ will provide resources and support to help make the project a success.
About This Project
If you would like to learn more about this organization and project, please follow the apply link to schedule a preliminary call with a representative of the organization.
About This Organization
Free World Associates is a 30-year old unincorporated network of human rights and democracy promotion activists. Our mission is to promote global peace and economic development by helping closed societies become more democratic, transparent and accountable. We are working with Taproot on 2 projects:
· "A Certain Logic" is a novel that aims to bring to public attention Ethiopia’s human rights crisis. A for-profit project, proceeds will support our pro bono democracy promotion work.
· World Liberation Radio aims to test if the basic ideas of nonviolence can be taught to oppressed populations around the world by radio. It is fiscally sponsored by the Social Good Fund, Inc., a 501c3.
Multimedia - Facebook management for human rights book
I am publishing a novel that aims to raise public awareness of Ethiopia's human rights crisis. The book is almost ready for publication. We need someone to promote and manage a Facebook page that will publicize Ethiopia's human rights and humanitarian issues, along with the book. Fluent English, strong writing and social media campaign skills are required. The volunteer will be provided with content, but it would be helpful if he or she is also able to develop content independently. Millions of Ethiopians are starving while their leaders are stealing an amount equal to all the country's foreign aid. Help publicize this massive crime against humanity.
This project can be done remotely.

