Taproot Foundation

Job title: Humanitarian 
Job location: Fresno, CA, US
Job description: 
Changing Lives Together Incorporated is seeking skilled volunteer support through Taproot+. Taproot+ is an online platform that connects nonprofits to professionals seeking strong opportunities to volunteer their talent for good. All Taproot+ projects are vetted and once Changing Lives Together Incorporated selects a volunteer applicant, Taproot+ will provide resources and support to help make the project a success.
https://www.changinglivestogether.org
About This Project
If you would like to learn more about this organization and project, please follow the apply link to schedule a preliminary call with a representative of the organization.
About This Organization
CLT’s work is focused in rural Ghana; conducting humanitarian projects in healthcare, education, water and sanitation to improve basic health and living conditions. CLT employs a holistic and integrated approach to economic development partnering with community leaders to implement projects that are inter-linked to provide sustainable systems that are part of larger community development programs; thus eventually empowering these communities to drive and maintain their development process.
Evaluation - Feasibility study and business plan
To conduct a feasibility study and create a business plan for the planning and construction of a new 7,000 square feet, outpatient Cardiology clinic in Ghana, West Africa. The scope of the feasibility study will include defining the target benefitting population (i.e. market analysis), developing an organizational and operational analysis, and a financial analysis confirming project sustainability. The results of this study will serve as the basis for the creation of a business plan which will include developing a Management and Operations Plans, Project Costs, a Financial Plan, and a SWOT Analysis There is a critical need for a Cardiovascular Heart Disease (CHD) facility in Ghana. In 2008, cardiovascular diseases surpassed malaria as the leading cause of death, accounting for 14.5% of institutional deaths (Ministry of Health, 2012). Currently, the country’s entire population of 28 million is served by only two facilities (one full service and a second partial service); both located in the southern half of the country. CHD patients in the northern half of the country (with an approximate population of 6 million people) have no such medical care. This project will address this critical shortage, and will help establish a long-term plan for reducing the tragedy of many lives cut short, due to this disease. The investment of your time, will help lay the foundation, for developing this project.
This vital medical facility is one of the ways CLT works to improve the lives of people in Ghana trapped in poverty. Since 2007, CLT has helped communities in Ghana build sustainable economic development by building clean water wells, improving healthcare access and building classrooms for schools. CLT just helped establish the only fully furnished Neonatal ICU at the Fountain Care Hospital in Sampa, Ghana to support an annual patient population of approximately 50,000. And currently we are nearing completion on a joint project with Engineers Without Borders to provide a solar facility at the Suma High Boarding School Campus to provide reliable electricity for 700 students.
CLT has conducted a pre-project study and developed a Project Concept Report including a preliminary floor plan design for the facility and a 3-Dimensional Rendering. CLT has also identified that establishing a partnership with an existing hospital (for siting the new CHD facility) significantly lowers construction costs, improves patient access to quality healthcare and provides patient screening and referrals to the CHD facility. To this end, CLT has completed a “partner hospital” review process and has selected a partner hospital in Ghana for siting the project. CLT has completed initial negotiations with this hospital and the Hospital CEO has pledged land on their campus for constructing the new CHD facility. The feasibility study and business plan is one of the final and very important steps to facilitate proper planning and implementation of a successful project. The completed Feasibility Study Report will prove to potential project sponsors that a thorough assessment and evaluation of project sustainability has been completed, and assure potential donors that all identifiable risks have been evaluated and mitigation measures have been developed. The Business Plan developed will aid potential project partners to understand the strategy adopted by CLT to ensure successful execution of all phases of the project, including but not limited to, construction of the facility, recruitment of core staffing team, and efficient operations and maintenance of the facility
This project can be done remotely.

