Hands-on plan design and administration for the following group benefits programs: group medical, dental, vision, life insurance, accidental death & dismemberment, voluntary life and disability, short-term disability, long-term disability, EAP, workers’ compensation, health and dependent care, flexible accounts and 401(k) for all US locations (10%)
Spearhead company wellness programs and activities to keep employees actively engaged in their personal health (5%)
Responsible for timely and accurate auditing and invoice reconciliation monthly, processing of monthly billings and requests for payments (5%)
Evaluates and makes recommendations to revise processes to reduce costs and increases efficiency, recommends and advises on benefits enhancements and changes (5%)
Assures company compliance with all laws and regulations pertaining to group health and welfare plans including ERISA, HIPAA, FMLA, etc. Reviews and analyzes changes to state and federal laws pertaining to benefits, and reports necessary or suggested changes to Management (5%)
Ensures compliance with all regulatory, legal and internal requirements. Responsible for completion and submission of all regulatory filings. (5%)
Manage annual benefits contract renewals by collecting experience data and examining possible plan designs (5%)
Monitor vendor files and internal database to ensure accuracy and in compliance at all times (5%)
Manages the Company’s Leave of Absence and Worker’s Compensation claims programs. Provides support to managers in different locations. Completes timely notification, documentation, eligibility review, and benefit coordination. (5%)
Manage annual testing for non-discrimination and all reporting requirements of the plan record keeper on behalf of the Company (5%)
New hire orientation (5%)
Handle all employee benefits-related communications pertaining to plan changes, updated information, etc. (5%)
Ensure that all plans comply with ERISA guidelines. Work with benefits consultants to ensure that all plans meet ACA requirements. (5%)
Take the lead on designing and implementing benefit related projects such as wellness initiatives, HRIS projects, policy creation, and new plan rollout. (5%)
Handle on-line funding of the 401(k) and HSA plans on a semi-monthly basis.
Prepare and process payroll for US (5%)
Review and approve payroll for Canada, Brazil, Argentina, Mexico and Peru (5%)
Work with outside auditors in the compilation of data for the annual 401(k) audit. (5%)
Manage all international benefit plans for all non-US employees. (5%)
Knowledge, Skills & Experience:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. Knowledge of applicable international laws and regulations e.g., ERISA, DOL, IRS, HIPAA, COBRA, FMLA, ADA, Healthcare Reform, Section 125 and 401(k) is essential.
Requires a minimum of 3years of benefits management benefits customer service experience, preferably in an organization with locations in multiple sites in multiple states
Experience with Workday HRIS system
Strong proficiency in MS Office, with an advanced skill level in Excel
Strong customer service and total quality orientation
Solid knowledge of ERISA and the ACA.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills; ability to explain complex information in an understandable and clear manner
Detailed-oriented and demonstrated ability to work with highly confidential information
Ability to set and execute priorities amidst a heavy workload with deadlines
Have a can-do attitude coupled with a team based orientation and strong collaborative work style
Ability to work under general supervision and instruction
Ability to work with a wide variety of people throughout the organization and external vendors
Ability to resolve complaints in a timely manner
Ability to comprehend and apply state and federal law to achieve compliance
