Stripe is looking for an effective and motivated User Operations Manager to help grow the User Operations team and manage a group of 6 to 8 team members working on email, phone or chat support. The User Operations Manager cultivates the happiness of their team members while guiding them to be the best they can be, through feedback, mentoring, and advocacy within the organization. This means helping to set team goals, and using metrics to efficiently measure and guide team performance in pursuit of those goals. The User Operations Manager is also responsible for managing some operational projects on a larger scale.
Guide to the onsite interview (PDF)
You’ll
Ensure team members are happy, effective, and growing in their career and new work experiences.
Set clear goals and directions, and provide regular feedback on team members’ performance.
Maintain metrics and analysis of team performance, and provide regular reporting on team performance in the form of written analysis and performance reports.
Transmit and foster our values, serving as a beacon of Stripe’s user-centric philosophy and culture of transparency, empathy, inclusion, and empowerment.
Maintain operational upkeep necessary for the team, including things like scheduling, maintaining time-keeping records, sick leave and vacation time, immigration assistance, etc.
Help build the organization through management projects such as recruiting, training, writing team policies, defining team processes, or other organizational improvements.
Our Ideal Candidate Will Have Many Of The Following
At least 3 years of direct people management experience.
A keen interest in pursuing people-management as a vocation, and some degree of experience and comfort with this specialized discipline.
A lucid, well-formed communication style (either on the phone or in writing), with an impulse to listen and be empathetic first, and an ability to be firm and assertive when necessary.
An ability to execute on and deliver complex operational projects involving multiple stakeholders; i.e. project management and collaboration skills.
An urge to measure and document the work of their team creatively, and leverage this data to improve the work lives and effectiveness of their team members.
Great operational awareness: a sense of the big picture in any organization they inhabit, how team members’ individual goals contribute to that, and how they can help team members navigate best within the big picture.
Skill and credibility doing the core work of a user operations team, with a high bar for quality of same, and a willingness to lead by example and participate in the work where necessary.
Experience on a user-support team. (Especially one in a high-growth technology company.)
Experience managing a team doing either email support or phone support or both.
