The Operations Manager will report to the Plant Manager. The primary responsibilities of the Operations Manager are to lead the manufacturing organization to safely deliver or exceed the financial plan through disciplined operational execution. Develop and execute a strategic portfolio of projects to mitigate or eliminate environmental and safety risk, improve first-pass-yield (FPY), increase productivity, and reduce cost. Manage and coach the manufacturing leadership team to delivery month-over-month improvements through disciplined execution of the strategic plan and a ‘win the day’ mentality driven by metrics. He/she will be measured on both financial and non-financial indicators directly related to safety, profitability, quality, on-time delivery, and employee engagement.
Essential Functions:
Works with the Plant Manager to develop manufacturing operating plans in accordance with company policies, goals and objectives.
Leads a Quality culture that is driven through process excellence, controls, and feedback.
Assists in delivering set financial objectives by reaffirming existing production goals or setting new goals then leading the team to achieve these goals.
Monitors performance and drives continuous improvement actions by identifying improvement opportunities and issuing corrective actions as needed to achieve desired results.
Delivers operational excellence through optimizing capacities, lowering cost and providing increased value to the customer base. Owns cost savings and working capital reduction initiatives by ensuring adequate incoming supplies while managing inventory levels.
Directs the implementation of lean and flexible production systems by applying productivity tools such as TPM, 5S, standard work, work balance and product flow techniques across the facility.
Links established processes and leadership execution in the areas of Environmental Health and Safety in keeping with the company's proud legacy of attention to safety and the environment.
Constructs compelling development plans with annual reviews for direct reports and executes them. Ensures capable succession plans are in place.
Strategic ability clearly articulating credible pictures and a vision of possibilities for the business. Effectively creating mileposts to rally support behind the vision.
Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
Production and Processing — Knowledge of raw materials, production processes, quality control, costs, and other techniques for maximizing the effective manufacture and distribution of goods.
Administration and Management — Knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, human resources modeling, leadership technique, production methods, and coordination of people and resources.
Customer Service — Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer service. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction.
Critical Thinking — Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.
Monitoring — Monitoring/Assessing performance of yourself, other individuals, or organizations to make improvements or take corrective action.
Time Management — Managing one's own time and the time of others.
Problem Sensitivity — The ability to tell when something is wrong or is likely to go wrong. It does not involve solving the problem, only recognizing there is a problem.
Leadership — Job requires a willingness to lead, take charge, and offer opinions and direction.
Dependability — Job requires being reliable, responsible, and dependable, and fulfilling obligations.
Integrity — Job requires being honest and ethical.
Stress Tolerance — Job requires accepting criticism and dealing calmly and effectively with high stress situations.
Disciplined Execution — Job requires holding the Operations team accountable through daily execution to the plan. When required, he/she will need to be able to dive into details to ensure operational success.
Strong financial literacy--Job requires the ability to drive P&L change in standard costing system through well thought out projects with appropriate ROI.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution.
6 years of management experience in a machining or manufacturing environment.
Experience with Lean manufacturing.
This position is subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) which requires U.S. person status. ITAR defines U.S. person as an U.S. Citizen, U.S. Permanent Resident (i.e. 'Green Card Holder'), Political Asylee, or Refugee.
Preferred Qualifications:
BS in manufacturing or mechanical engineering.
8 years experience in a manufacturing or machining environment.
