Manage Oracle w/RAC and NoSQL databases in Development/QA/Production environments including installation, configuration, backup, recovery, replication, upgrades, schema changes, etc.
Perform database health monitoring and diagnostics.
Integrate monitoring, auditing, and alert systems for databases with existing monitoring infrastructure.
Design, implement, maintain and automate the appropriate backup and recovery architecture as required.
Occasional off-shift availability to resolve Production issues or assist in Production deployments.  On-call duties will be shared within the operations team.
Work closely with other members of the operations team, mentor others in your areas of expertise, and be an active contributing member of the company as a whole
Responsible for system performance and reliability.
Responsible for databases dealing with overall operating system.
Responsible for developing backup and recovery procedures for database environments.
Maintains up-to-date knowledge of database administration and applies these developments to other major projects and initiatives
Work with Service Support teams to drive knowledge in to the Operations Center to improve 'First Contact' resolution and reduce Mean Time To Resolve (MTTR) for database incidents
Builds positive working relationships across departments and with own team members.
Presents or makes recommendations on best practices regarding data management, data architecture, and data design.
2+ years of production DBA experience with SQL with NOSQL experience AND Oracle 9i/10g/11g (OCP) --Both preferred but NoSQL must have
Experience working in production environments requiring 99.99% availability
Previous experience deploying, administrating, tuning, monitoring, and maintaining database technologies including but not limited to;
Familiarity with using enterprise ticketing systems and resolution
Previous success with at least one deployment tool (CVS, Subversion, Clearcase and Puppet )
Strong technical background in three or more of the following technologies (must include database administration): Operating Systems: Red Hat Linux, CentOS
Solid experience in database tuning, design, security, backup, recovery, and archival concepts and procedures.
Understand the interaction between the database and the SAN. Knowledge of SAN specific database tuning techniques. Experience with hot backups through SAN snapshot technology
Experience with monitoring systems (Nagios Professional, Cacti, etc…)
Experience deploying and managing Oracle RAC and MongoDB on Redhat Linux Exposure to  Cloud or virtual Application environments
Familiarity with ETL processes and operations
Excellent  communication skills including the ability to effectively communicate with technical, non-technical employees and vendors.
Strong problem solving, testing, and network troubleshooting skills.