As the eCommerce Operations Manager, you are highly-motivated and understand success includes both financial performance and best-in-class customer satisfaction. You are just as comfortable with budgets, financial statements, and timelines as you are with UX, process improvements, and the visual composition of merchandising creative. It’s important you understand a world-class ecommerce operation demands teamwork and transparency. You know the accomplishments of the team are far more important than those of yourself or any individual. To be successful in this role, you are comfortable both leading and following… sometimes simultaneously, you trust your gut, and you are always open to a better way.
A look at your day-to-day
Develop and maintain detailed project plans and timelines, to ensure a quality experience on large and small-scale projects.
Oversee cross-functional team and key stakeholders to ensure that established project plans are set, approvals are obtained, and programs are completed on-time and on-budget.
Run day to day business operations of Direct to Consumer eCommerce business by collaborating cross functionally
Ensure that inventory needs are met, and there is complete product coverage at all times including during key selling seasons.
Monitor ‘Out of Stock’ on DTC channels and take measures to improve product availability.
Lead new initiatives cross functionally to fix the operational gaps in DTC fulfillment or supply chain.
Assist in the launch strategy, roadmap and execution of International instances of yeti.com.
Help create ‘playbooks” to train International teams on eCommerce management and operations, inventory management, initial localization efforts, and more).
Oversee and police YETI's presence within Marketplaces (Amazon, eBay, etc.)
Create new processes and system changes to optimize DTC operations and work with technology and supply chain teams to implement.
Partner with Customer Service team to understand consumer pain points and work on initiatives to improve experience.
Streamline backend processes including an order to cash flow, returns and refund processing, fraud prevention, repairs, and warranty, etc.
Create strategy for excess & obsolete inventory and execute initiatives to sell E&O inventory through direct channels.
Monitor operational KPIs like lead times, fulfillment rate, shipping time, etc. to track progress towards operational goals and work on initiatives to improve KPI’s.
Management of Specialist and Producer, eComm Ops.
Now for a little bit about you….
6+ years of experience working in eCommerce Operations
Ability to both work in startup like environments and within a large matrixed organization
Ability to collaborate with cross functional teams at all levels
Strong written and oral communication skills
Ability to use strategic thinking and problem solving skills to create new strategies, build business cases, and win stakeholder buy-in
Must be both analytical and strategic and embrace the challenge of dramatically increasing ecommerce revenue
Ability to work in a fast-paced, changing environment
