Responsible for vendor management and usability of various onsite corporate campus amenities offered through the Company, including a Café and Coffee/Juice Bar, Daycare Center, Fitness Center and Health Clinic. Provides vendor management oversight of services and products provided to drive employee satisfaction, as well as, financial success.
Job Responsibilities
Improves operational management systems, processes and best practices that guarantee organizational well-being, employee satisfaction and financial success.
Provides strong vendor management through constant and consistent positive engagement.
In conjunction with the green house staff and Café administrator, establishes restaurant business plan by surveying restaurant demand through conferring with Café administrator and Company management.
Identifies and evaluates pricing and demand of services offered.
Implements strategies to increase use of the services offered.
Attracts patrons by developing and implementing marketing and advertising programs; work with vendor partners to develop and implement events and activities to attract patrons to utilize various amenities.
Evaluate program and event results, identifying and tracking changing demands.
Identify and correct issues; work with vendor partners to improve operations and drive patron business.
Maintains operations by preparing policies and standard operating procedures; implementing production, productivity, quality, and patron-service standards; determining and implementing system improvements.
Maintains associate satisfaction by monitoring, evaluating, and auditing services such as: day care, medical clinic, food & beverage, and initiating improvements as needed.
Ensures a safe, secure, and healthy facility environment by establishing, following, and enforcing sanitation standards and procedures; complying with health and legal regulations; maintaining security standards, etc.
Maintains professional and technical knowledge by tracking emerging trends in the industry; attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; benchmarking state-of-the-art practices; participating in professional societies.
Accomplishes company goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.
Job Requirements
Minimum four (4) plus years vendor management experience.
Preferred experience working in food services, hospitality services, or other business vendor management environment.
Excellent Communication skills.
Skills
Cost Accounting, Developing Budgets, Financial Planning and Strategy
Decision Making, Process Improvement, Strategic Planning, Customer Focus, Management Proficiency, Managing Profitability, Quality Focus
Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, vendor contracts, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals
Ability to speak effectively before groups
Education
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university in relevant discipline such as Business Management, Hospitality, or related field
