The Weaver Law Firm

Job title :   Legal Assistant

Job location :  Houston, Texas

Employer name :  Richard Weaver
Job description :
Small law firm looking for a legal assistant with experience working for a civil practice law firm.
Do NOT send resume if you do not have any experience working as a legal assistant in a civil practice law firm.
The job requires knowledge of drafting pleadings, answers, and discovery.
The firm has a real estate and business practice in addition to general litigation.
The legal assistant may be required to work-up a personal injury file, from preparing letters of representation to ordering medical records and assisting in the preparation of demand packages.
On the real estate side, the employee will assist in drafting warranty deeds and other related documents.
The potential employee should know civil calendaring rules. The legal assistant will be required to schedule events and deadlines (i.e. calendar).
This particular position will require the legal assistant to enter attorney time in QuickBooks and manage accounts payable and receivable. The candidate should have knowledge and experience using QuickBooks or be willing to learn since it is an active part of the job.
Spanish language a plus.
Other duties may include:
Managing social media.
Prepare mail/send/sort incoming mail
Send invoices
Collections
Run credit cards
Enter payments
Open files
Enter bills
Pay bills
Reconcile
e-file court filings/documents
Physically file
Prepare civil cover sheets
Prepare civil process requests
File deeds
Prepare and file certificates of formation
Prepare residential contracts
Prepare demand letters
Set hearings/submission
Draft notice of hearings and submission
Coordinate with process server/clerk
Prepare and send attorney engagement agreements
Make bank deposits
Issue client refunds/disbursements
Handle PI cases
Draft letters of representation
Draft letters of protection
Communicate with clients
Communicate with medical providers
Request reductions
Request medical/billing
Request accident reports
Draft demand letters/PIP packages
Answer phones
Take messages/screen potential clients



