Amazon
Job title :   Legal Assistant

Job location :  Seattle, WA, US

Employer name :  
Job description
Job Description
Work hard, have fun and make history with Amazon’s legal team. We are looking for a smart and motivated individual to join our Consumer Marketing and Prime legal team. The Legal Assistant will provide administrative support, including drafting correspondence, coordinating agreement approvals and execution, tracking documents, maintaining status reports, word processing, performing general office tasks (such as calendaring, filing and budget tracking), and coordinating other legal and administrative matters with the business groups.
The successful candidate will possess the ability to work efficiently and independently; manage high volumes of tasks and projects with little guidance; react with appropriate urgency to situations and events that require a quick response or turnaround; take effective action without having to know the total picture; and think creatively and be proactive in solving problems that affect people within the group or other related groups. The candidate will also be client-service oriented, have great attention to detail while still meeting tight deadlines, have great organization skills, and have the ability to easily switch gears. A high level of professionalism, integrity, and discretion in handling confidential information, as well as the ability to work well with people at all levels inside and outside the company, is essential.
Basic Qualifications
3+ years’ experience as an administrative assistant.
Strong written and oral communication skills are a must, as is the desire and aptitude for learning new concepts on the job.
Strong computer skills (e.g., proficiency with SharePoint, MS Word, Excel, etc.) and general comfort with learning new programs and software.
Preferred Qualifications
Legal administrative experience and a BA/BS are a plus but not required.
In-house experience is a plus
Company
Amazon Corporate LLC
Position Category
Legal
Recruiting Team
  

