Gilmore & Bell, P.C

Job title :   Legal Assistant

Job location :  Omaha, Nebraska

Employer name :  Maleea Vater
Job description
Law firm seeking a Legal Assistant to work full-time in its Omaha, Nebraska office. The qualified candidate should have a four-year college degree or have completed a Paralegal Program. In lieu of a degree or paralegal certification, candidates with a minimum of 5 years of experience as a Legal Assistant/Paralegal or comparable position will be considered. The candidate should have a proficiency in Microsoft Office products including Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook as well as Adobe Acrobat. PowerPoint experience would be helpful but not required. Among other qualities, the candidate should (a) have superior attention to detail and accuracy of work, (b) have excellent proofreading and writing skills, (c) have strong organization and communication skills with the ability to manage several tasks at one time, and (d) be self-motivated with a strong desire to learn. Please send resume, transcript and salary requirements to humanresources-resumes@gilmorebell.com.
EOE
Job Description:
Legal assistants at Gilmore & Bell are responsible for assisting attorneys with the daily tasks required to serve the firm’s clients in the most professional and efficient manner possible. Some of the duties of a legal assistant at the firm include the following:
1. Prepare drafts of transaction documents.
2. Track transaction information and disclosure reporting progress.
3. Assemble documents for signature and coordinate their execution and collection.
4. Draft attorney correspondence and contact clients via telephone, email and letter with respect to specific financings.
5. Organize transaction documents for inclusion in a closing book, scanning documents and preparing closing book CD-ROMs for the parties to the transaction; ensure complete duplication of those closing books that require additional physical copies.
6. Revise forms, notices, opinions and other legal documents; coordinate distribution or delivery of such documents accurately and timely.
7. Conduct research to obtain necessary information from governmental entities for revisions to financial information.
8. Obtain documents from and file documents with appropriate governmental agencies.
9. Utilize transaction management system to enter financing information, prepare client invoices, complete reports and track financing expenses.
10. Open, close and maintain organization of files.
11. Complete post-closure procedures and filings timely and with minimal supervision.
12. Attend pre-closing and closing, if required.
Required Skills:
13. Superior attention to detail and accuracy of work, as well as verbal and written communication skills.
14. Demonstrated ability to work professionally and confidentially with a variety of personalities from all levels of an organization.
15. Proven organizational and multi-tasking skills in a fast-paced environment.
16. Independent, action-oriented thinker who is able to successfully undertake and complete projects and major tasks with minimal supervision within or ahead of deadlines.
17. Proficiency in MS Word, Excel, and Outlook, as well as Adobe Acrobat.


