KUKA North America

Job title :   Legal Assistant

Job location :  Greater Detroit Area

Employer name :  Jaime Lynn Flis
Job description :
SUMMARY
Provides advanced administrative and analytical support to the legal department to ensure high performance of the legal department. Composes communications, researches, and analyzes data. Maintains legal department file system. Generates reports, assists with presentations and meetings, and handles projects and tasks as assigned. Implements efficiency improvements. Position requires a high degree of confidentiality and conformity as well as the ability to manage multiple tasks under limited supervision.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Composes, manages, and proofreads confidential correspondence, memos, presentations, reports, and legal documents.
Creates and maintains corporate minute books.
Coordinates annual insurance renewal applications for all KUKA U.S. companies and ongoing insurance matters.
Gathers litigation and billing information to prepare responses to auditors’ requests for information for all KUKA U.S. companies.
Analyzes and prepares statistical reports.
Maintains inflow/outflow documentation of legal business activity.
Opens, manages, and disseminates legal department mail/emails as requested.
Coordinates travel arrangements for legal department.
Maintains schedules and other organizational deadlines.
Maintains files and organizes office.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Understands and follows safety regulations and identifies safety concerns.
Adheres to the Quality System and participates in continuous improvement.
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE
Associate’s degree from a two-year college or university plus a minimum of two years of related administrative experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced computer skills (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Internet, E-mail), strong interpersonal skills, experience with making travel arrangements, and the ability to manage multiple priorities and maintain confidentiality. Certain activities may require HIPAA training. Intranet posting activity requires Sharepoint experience.


