Legal Staffing Solutions, LLC

Job title :   Legal Assistant

Job location :   Wichita, Kansas Area

Employer name :  Emily Branch
Job description :
Prominent mid-sized law firm with an established family law practice group seeking an experienced Domestic / Family Law Paralegal / Legal Assistant to join our Wichita team.
LOCATION: Wichita, Kansas
DESCRIPTION: The successful candidate will provide excellent internal and external customer service in addition to providing legal assistance to our attorneys utilizing current litigation support techniques, software and equipment.
SALARY: $ DOE
HOURS PER WEEK: 40 (Full-Time)
EOE EMPLOYER: It is our policy to hire qualified applicants without regard to age, race, color, religion, sexual orientation or national origin. It is also our policy to provide employment opportunities to qualified persons with a disability and covered veterans.
JOB REQUIREMENTS: Hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. and punctual attendance is mandatory. Ability to sit for extended periods of time; ability to ascend and descend stairs without assistance; occasional bending, stooping and lifting up to ten pounds. Must be willing to travel occasionally for court hearings, depositions and trials.
EDUCATION (Required): H.S. Diploma and minimum of 2 years of college or equivalent education/experience and/or Paralegal Certificate
EDUCATION (Preferred): Paralegal Certification or Bachelor’s degree
EXPERIENCE (Required): One to two years of professional experience in an active legal environment supporting litigation teams by providing excellent customer service and legal assistance to our attorneys utilizing current litigation support techniques, software and equipment. Equivalent education or paralegal certification will be considered in lieu of requisite experience.
EXPERIENCE (Preferred): Minimum of 5 years of experience in law firm environment involved in litigation. On-site trial support experience.
SKILLS & CHARACTERISTICS (Required): Must have strong customer/collaboration skills Proficiency with common office equipment and applications including: Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Mail Merge, Adobe Acrobat, OCR Software, Internet Explorer, WordPerfect, Time Slips, TABS, Practice Master Excellent oral and written communication, keen attention to detail, dependability, professionalism, and strong client relationships (internal and external) Must be self-directed and have excellent organizational skills with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment Typing skills at minimum of 60 w.p.m. & ability to use multi-line telephone system
JOB DESCRIPTION: Successful candidate will provide excellent internal and external customer service and legal assistance to attorneys in preparation for litigation. Candidate will provide complex legal support by utilizing current litigation support techniques, software and equipment.
1. Demonstrates proficiency in use of personal computer, all relevant software, tools and applications and other common office and business equipment, including copy and fax machines, scanners, printers, binders, multi-line telephone systems, etc.
2. Produces and/or reproduces information by drafting, formatting, entering, editing, retrieving, copying and transmitting text, data and graphics. Completes all data entry and document management tasks, including preparing indices, labels, folders, exhibit tabs, memos, correspondence, charts, forms, binders, etc. with proficiency and accuracy. Demonstrates proficiency and skills necessary for indexing, binding, filing, compiling, reproducing, organizing, tracking, scanning, uploading and/or packing pleadings, correspondence, case materials, research materials, graphics and supplies in anticipation of trial.
3. Demonstrates proficiency and skills necessary for setting up and maintaining client files, including chronological files. Organizes documents into working binders & ebinders. Research, print and organize case materials, pleadings and correspondence from electronic document management systems as needed by case teams.
4. Assists in drafting correspondence and pleadings and filing of same. Proofreads and reformats as requested with accuracy and attention to detail. Performs general clerical duties including, but not limited to: photocopying, faxing, scanning, mailing, printing and filing.
5. Coordinates preparation of reports, exhibits, charts, graphs and other courtroom visual aids and materials. Records and monitors court appearance dates, pleadings and filing requirements. Anticipates changes in litigation or transaction requirements.
6. Maintains case team calendar by planning and scheduling conferences, depositions, case management deadlines and relevant reminders pertaining to attorney dockets. Organizes client conferences and attorney meetings and schedules couriers, court reporters, caterers, expert witnesses and other special functions and services.
7. Follows up on delegated assignments; knowing when to act and when to refer matters to attorney or case team. Maintains composure in high-stress scenarios.
8. Responsible for providing occasional back-up support for receptionist.
9. Responsible for tracking and entering time.
10. Maintains client confidence by keeping client/attorney information confidential.
11. Demonstrates strong multi-tasking and time management skills and ability to successfully prioritize
12. Represents attorney in a professional way by communicating and obtaining information from colleagues, co-counsel, opposing counsel, clients, courts, etc. Follows up on delegated assignments; knowing when to act and when to refer matters to attorney or case team.
13. Demonstrates diligence and commitment to meeting all deadlines and maintaining composure in high-stress or hectic scenarios. Maintains professional interaction with clients, attorneys and office colleagues.
14. Demonstrates commitment to team work and collaboration. Exhibits commitment to teamwork by establishing and maintaining good working relationships with clients, attorneys and office colleagues. Demonstrates willingness to work with, assist or request assistance from other practice groups and staff members in accomplishing work assignments.
15. Enhances department and organization by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests, accepting responsibility for missteps, and exploring opportunities to add value to position, team, office, and firm
16. Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. Maintains skill set with current software and applications by attending all mandatory training sessions.
17. Performs other duties as assigned
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
 Health Insurance  Dental Insurance  Flexible Spending Account  Paid Holidays  Life Insurance  401K / Retirement Plan  Long Term Disability  Free Parking  Paid Time Off


