Dorsey & Whitney LLP
Job title : Legal Assistant
Job location : Greater Denver Area


Employer name : Tali Sanderson, MA

Job description :
Dorsey & Whitney LLP is one of the 100 largest law firms in the United States with 19 offices across the U.S., Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific. We are a premier legal advisor to companies worldwide in a wide range of industries, including banking, energy, food and agribusiness, health care, mining and natural resources, and public-private project development.
There is a position open for a Legal Secretary in the Trial Department in Dorsey’s Denver office.
Duties: Prepare, edit, file and save documents electronically via CM/ECF and ICCES; create and revise documents from handwritten, typed or electronic copy; compose correspondence as directed; maintain electronic and paper files; open new matters; assist with Elite Webview time entries; assume responsibility for billing process; assist with special projects and work well in a team setting; may be requested to perform other duties not mentioned above.
Requirements: High school diploma or G.E.D. equivalent; at least three years legal secretary experience with current knowledge of litigation and trial procedures, including ECF (federal) and ICCES (state) electronic court filing platforms; accurate typing skills of 50 wpm; legal document preparation and legal office technology skills; proficiency in Microsoft Office products, including Word, Excel and Outlook; excellent communication and organizational skills; ability to manage multiple tasks and perform well in stressful situations; excellent attendance. Some overtime may occasionally be necessary.
Preferred: Knowledge of state, federal and bankruptcy filing procedures.
Dorsey & Whitney LLP accepts online applications. Please go to the “Careers” section of the Dorsey website at www.Dorsey.com/staffjobs and complete Dorsey's online application form. We do not accept application materials by mail or email except as a reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled applicants. Individuals who are unable to use our online process due to a disability should call 612-492-5178.
Dorsey offers a competitive pay and benefits package including health care plans, a generous paid time off policy, paid holidays, retirement savings plan, profit sharing contribution, and more.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, affectional preference, disability, age, marital status, familial status, status with regard to public assistance, military or veteran status, or any other legally-protected status.
Please note that Dorsey is not currently accepting search firm submissions in connection with this opening.

