Reed Smith LLP
Job title : Legal Assistant
Job location : Chicago, IL, US


Employer name :
Job description :
US Job Description
Firm Information
Reed Smith is a global relationship law firm with more than 1,800 lawyers in 26 offices throughout the United States, Europe, Asia and the Middle East.
Founded in 1877, the firm represents leading international businesses, from Fortune 100 corporations to mid-market and emerging enterprises. Its lawyers provide litigation and other dispute resolution services in multi-jurisdictional and other high-stakes matters; deliver regulatory counsel; and execute the full range of strategic domestic and cross-border transactions. Reed Smith is a preeminent advisor to industries including financial services, life sciences, health care, advertising, entertainment and media, shipping and transport, energy and natural resources, real estate, manufacturing, technology, and education. For more information, visit reedsmith.com.
Position Summary
This highly visible position is responsible for the administrative and secretarial support of the National Complex Litigation Practice Group Leader and other timekeepers as assigned. This position requires outstanding organization, project management and prioritization skills, a high degree of confidentiality and professionalism, the ability to exercise good judgment, and strong interpersonal skills. Responsibilities include proactive and constructive interaction with clients, lawyers, and administrators, as well as scheduling and maintaining calendar, computer proficiency (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), filing, billing, time entry, telephone answering, making travel arrangements, submitting expense reports, and handling daily mail. Also responsible for maintaining various lists including client/matter numbers, name, address lists and marketing mailing list. This position also involves working closely with the Firm’s Global Executive Committee and various other firm committees, as well as other Administrative Directors and Chief Officers. The discipline to maintain a high level of confidentiality and the initiative to offer suggestions and ideas are a must. All legal secretaries must also work as team players, assist with overflow work, maintain a good rapport with service departments and follow procedures and guidelines set by such departments.
Essential Functions
  Must be able to maintain a high degree of confidentiality and professionalism.
  Exceptional organizational skills required as well as the ability to work as a collegial team member while assisting the National Complex Litigation Practice Group Leader with various firm and client related projects.
  Close coordination and maintenance of the schedule and calendar of the National Complex Litigation Practice Group Leader/Executive Committee member.
  Careful management of all channels of communication including correspondence, telephone, facsimile, and email.
  Acting as a liaison for Complex Litigation Practice Group Leader/Executive Committee member. Answering telephone, and as necessary and appropriate, screening calls.
  Scheduling/calendaring appointments such as client meetings, depositions, production of documents, trials, court hearings and appearances. Scheduling meetings, arranging for conference rooms and making meal arrangements. Scheduling outside vendor services such as court reporters or expert witnesses.
  Assisting with billing including: reviewing time and cost entries appearing on the proformas (DBRs) and making corrections as needed, preparing and proofing bills prior to mailing, working with Billing Department personnel to provide detail of client-related expense items in order to provide supporting documentation on the bills, processing and mailing past due statements, assisting attorneys with client inquiries, and other billing duties as assigned. Maintaining attorneys’ files containing statements and related billing data. Working with Billing Department to resolve billing problems and efficiently processing final billing statements and letters.
  Completing (or arranging for the completion of) all word processing work including, but not limited to, memos, letters, charts, check requests, new matter memos, briefs, pleadings, agreements, and other such documents specific to the timekeepers’ areas of practice.
  Coordinating timekeepers’ calendars with secretary’s and reminding timekeepers of various meetings, appointments, court dates, etc. Review and calendar due dates from documents, letters, and mail received.
  Proofreading all work, including reading documents for content and context.
  Submission of conflicts requests and preparation and submission of new business intake forms for new clients and/or new matters, including preparation of appropriate accompanying engagement letter.
  Posting accurate daily entering of attorney time to the accounting system, reviewing for accuracy, editing content and grammar, and correcting any errors.
  Greeting clients and providing assistance when needed.
  Making travel arrangements, including transportation, automobile rentals and hotel reservations. Submitting proper and timely expense reports to the Accounting Department.
  Assisting as a backup secretary for other timekeepers and assisting other secretaries with overflow work.
  Depending upon practice groups assigned, the following may also be required: electronic filing, docketing, maintenance of e-rooms, etc.
  Performing other related duties required based upon the unique practice of the attorney, such as, but not limited to, National Complex Litigation Practice Group Leader administrative work, practice development initiatives, committee project work, and Executive Committee responsibilities. In addition, a limited amount of administrative work for personal matters of the attorney is to be expected including philanthropic commitments.
  Other duties and responsibilities and responsibilities as assigned.Requirements
Education: Undergraduate degree preferred but will consider candidates with comparable work experience.
Experience: At least five years of experience as a legal secretary, which includes two years performing executive level administrative functions.
Skills: Strong secretarial skills including typing, proofreading, spelling, grammar and math. Knowledge of PC and Windows applications. Experience processing client bills is a must. Must be able to organize and prioritize workload and use own judgment in decision making on how to adequately and efficiently meet all deadlines. An ability to take the initiative in handling projects and anticipating what needs to be done. An ability to understand and follow specific and detailed instructions. Must display a professional manner with clients, attorneys, paralegals and other staff members. Must be able to make productive use of working hours and exhibit strong time and priority management skills.
Other
Equipment To Be Used: Personal computer and other office equipment such as telephone, calculator, fax, machine, copier, scanner, etc.
Typical Physical Demands: Manual dexterity sufficient to operate standard office equipment.
Typical Mental Demands: Able to deal with stress associated with fast-paced work environment. Multiple priorities/tasks. Make judgment decisions and adapt to changing work situations. Grasp and apply new ideas. Communicate with various personalities at all levels.
Working Conditions: Works in typical office setting. Occasionally called upon to work hours in excess of your normal daily schedule.
Reed Smith offers a challenging work environment, business casual dress code and a total compensation package that includes a competitive salary, flexible benefits program, tuition assistance, and generous 401 (k) plan.
Qualified candidates only, No search firms. Reed Smith is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Reed Smith's success depends heavily on the effective utilization of qualified people, regardless of their race, ancestry, religion, colour, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, disability, veteran's status, or any characteristic protected by law. As a firm, we adhere to and promote equal employment opportunity for all.
