Zurich North America
Job title : Legal Assistant
Job location : Atlanta, US-GA

Employer name :
Job description :
Zurich is
currently seeking to add a Legal Secretary for the Claims Staff Legal Office in
Atlanta, GA.
Under the
direct supervision of staff legal attorneys, this role provides a broad range
of secretarial, administrative, and clerical support for two or more attorneys.
The preferred candidate will organize and maintain all electronic and paper
files relating to litigation and administrative matters. The candidate will
apply knowledge of legal document formats to draft and/or revise a variety of
legal contacts including but not limited to contracts, briefs, summonses,
complaints, and motions. The candidate will have customer, counsel, and/or
witness contact requiring discretion and judgment.
Influencer
Internally Focused - The job’s core deliverables rely on influencing or
negotiating with a range of internal clients, usually at the line manager or
employee level. Relationships typically involve promoting cooperation,
collaboration or acceptance.
Basic Qualifications
· High School
Diploma or Equivalent and 3 or more years of experience in the Legal Secretary
area within the Insurance industry
OR
· Zurich
approved Apprenticeship program including an Associate Degree and 1 or more
years of experience in the Legal Secretary area within the Insurance industry
AND
· Experience
drafting legal documents and correspondence
· Experience
providing administrative support to one or more attorneys
Preferred
Qualifications
· Associate
Degree or Bachelor’s Degree
· Insurance
industry legal support experience in Workers Compensation
· Insurance
industry legal support experience in General Liability
· Ability to
effectively draft complex legal documents, correspondence, and/or pleadings
· Demonstrated
knowledge of legal terminology and legal document formats
· Highly
effective written and verbal communication; ability to summarize information
clearly and concisely
· Excellent
computer skills, including Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
· Familiarity
with litigation management software systems
· Demonstrated
ability to effectively organize, prioritize, and meet deadlines for multiple,
simultaneous projects
Additional
Information
Imagine
working for a company that truly cares about their employees, customers,
stakeholders, and communities they serve. Imagine working for a values-driven
organization that has the ambition and desire to be the best global insurance
provider in the world. Zurich is that place where 55,000 employees across
approximately 200 countries and territories are all focused on helping people
and helping companies protect what is truly most important to them. We are a
values-driven organization that takes pride in the work that we do every day
and we have the ambition to be the best global insurer in the world.
EOE
disability/vets
Zurich does
not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Any
unsolicited resume will become the property of Zurich American Insurance. If
you are a preferred vendor, please use our Recruiting Agency Portal for resume
submission.
