Robert Half Legal
Job title : Legal Assistant
Job location : Oakdale, MN, US

Employer name :
Job description :
Boutique East Metro firm with a multi-state presence is looking for an experienced 3+ year Litigation Legal Assistant to support a well-respected insurance defense practice. This firm focuses on property damage and subrogation matters. Litigation experience with e-filing a must. Insurance litigation background preferred. Successful candidate will draft pleadings, assist with related litigation work, be organized and bring a positive attitude.For immediate confidential consideration, send your resume to:Andrew McNaughtanRecruiting ManagerRobert Half Legalandrew.mcnaughtan@roberthalflegal.com612 349 2810
Boutique East Metro firm with a multi-state presence is looking for an experienced 3+ year Legal Assistant to support a well-respected insurance defense practice. This firm focuses on property damage and subrogation matters. Litigation experience with e-filing a must. Successful candidate will draft pleadings, assist with related litigation work, be organized and bring a positive attitude.For immediate confidential consideration, send your resume to:Andrew McNaughtanRecruiting ManagerRobert Half Legalandrew.mcnaughtan@roberthalflegal.com612 349 2810
Located in major North American and global markets, Robert Half Legal is the premier provider of legal staffing and consulting solutions on a full-time, project, and temporary basis, serving both law firms and corporate legal departments. We also provide project and eDiscovery teams and workspace for a wide range of initiatives, including litigation support, mergers and acquisitions and document review matters. Our dedicated teams' industry experience allows us to quickly match skilled legal professionals with the best available jobs. We offer challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and skills-enhancement training.
Call your local Robert Half Legal office at 888.798.2974 to discover more about this position. Apply for this job now or contact our branch office for additional information.
All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.
  2017 Robert Half Legal. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans

