CyberCoders
Job title : Legal Assistant
Job location : Bloomfield Hills, MI, US


Employer name : Jessica Cataneo

Job description :
If you are a Legal Secretary with experience, please read on!
We are a boutique law firm located in Bloomfield Hills with offices in multiple cities across the U.S. We deliver "large firm" quality at competitive costs and we represent large financial institutions and corporate clients. We have a great company culture, pride ourselves on our remarkable client service and commitment to excellence.
What You Will Be Doing
We are currently seeking an enthusiastic new Legal Assistant to join the Collections/Bankruptcy team in our Bloomfield Hills office. Our new Legal Secretary will prepare legal documents including proof of claims, reaffirmations, and motions for relief. He or she will also regularly contact clients, counsel, and courts for updates or in response to requests for information. Our Bankruptcy Department offers a fast-paced, process focused environment with a strong emphasis on collaboration. Our top Legal Assistants communicate professionally and effectively, are task-oriented, and have incredible attention to detail. If this sounds like you, please read on and apply! We'd like to consider you for a place on our team!
What You Need for this Position
· 5+ years of legal secretarial experience
· Bankruptcy or Creditors Rights' experience preferred
· Professional verbal and written communication skills
· Strong technical skills; proficiency with Microsoft Office and PDF conversion
· Comfort working in a fast-paced environment
· Excellent organization skills and attention to detail
· Adaptability; willingness to assist other team members
What's In It for You
Competitive compensation package + benefits
So, if you are a Legal Secretary with experience, please apply today!
Email Your Resume In Word To
Looking forward to receiving your resume through our website and going over the position with you. Clicking apply is the best way to apply, but you may also:
Jessica.Cataneo@CyberCoders.com
· Please do NOT change the email subject line in any way. You must keep the JobID: linkedin : JC9-1358094 -- in the email subject line for your application to be considered.***
Jessica Cataneo - Executive Recruiter - CyberCoders
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.
CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
