BlenderBottle

Job title :   Legal Assistant

Job location :  Hillary Carter, MSHR, PHR

Employer name :  
Job description :
Legal Assistant (Full Time)
Summary: The Legal Assistant will directly support and assist the Company’s General Counsel. The ideal candidate will be detail oriented, quick thinking, self-motivated, impeccably organized and will thrive in a fast-paced environment with diverse responsibilities and deadlines.
Legal Assistant Job Duties: The Legal Assistant's primary responsibilities are to provide secretarial and administrative support to the General Counsel. The Legal Assistant’s job responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
1. Maintain the organization of and update legal department records, including files, email, projects, tasks, and certain expenditures
2. Scheduling appointments and managing calendars
3. Assist with deadline tracking and follow-up on delegated items
4. Answer phone calls and directing guests of the General Counsel
5. Assist with document and meeting preparation
6. Coordinate signing of documents
7. Gather information from within and outside the company and prepare reports
8. Perform basic administrative tasks (filing, faxing, printing, calendaring, etc.)
Legal Assistant Knowledge, Skills and Qualifications:
1. Enjoy working in a fast-paced environment.
2. Proactive, highly motivated, creative, quick thinking and deadline driven.
3. Keen attention to detail, sound judgment, commitment to maintain high level of confidentiality and diplomacy, resourceful and creative.
4. Ability to manage and prioritize multiple complex projects with competing priorities and deadlines; time management skills are critical.
5. Superior organization, self-motivation and self-management skills, strong analytical skills and problem-solving skills are a must.
6. Outstanding reporting, research, and documentation skills are required.
7. Professional demeanor and appearance a must. Friendly, positive and upbeat personality.
8. Intermediate to advanced knowledge of productivity software packages, including Microsoft Outlook, Word, and Excel.
9. Ability to quickly learn and adapt to new programs, technologies or processes quickly.
10. Impeccable communication skills (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills.
11. Demonstrated experience in a prior Legal Assistant or Legal Secretary role preferred.
12. Bachelor's Degree and familiarity with intellectual property enforcement and prosecution preferred.
Application Instructions:
Please submit a cover letter (required) and your resume. Phone calls regarding the position will not be accepted.


