Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc.
Job title : Legal Assistant
Job location : Jersey City, NJ, US

Employer name :
Job description :
We currently have an opening for a Senior Paralegal in our Legal Department , reporting directly to Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel, Legal, this position, under general supervision and in accordance with established company policies and procedures, will assist the Legal Department in a variety of legal activities, including the following:
Responsibilities
Prepare, organize and maintain litigation files, litigation docket and calendar.
Prepare written responses to third-party subpoenas.
Act as a liaison between outside counsel and company personnel to gather information for pleadings, motions, affidavits and discovery requests.
Assist in implementing and compliance with document retention directives.
Conduct legal research on a variety of matters using Westlaw and other resources.
Gather facts, analyze and respond to customer complaints.
Monitor state and federal legislation.
Support corporate governance and regulatory compliance matters, including review, preparation, filing, and maintenance of corporate governance documents and records and regulatory filings.
Facilitate internal contract submission, review, tracking and filing process.
Assist with the preparation of correspondence, memoranda, reports and various legal documents (agreements, resolutions and other documents).
Other duties as assigned.
Requirements
College degree and a paralegal certificate or the equivalent combination of education and experience.
Minimum 3 Years Experience As a Paralegal.
Must be detailed oriented, possess excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to interact with all levels of the company in a team-oriented environment.
Ability to work in a fast paced environment and handle multiple projects simultaneously.
Experience with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook) and Westlaw.
We appreciate your interest in Jackson Hewitt Tax Service. Jackson Hewitt Tax Service is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age (40 and over), disability, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. Jackson Hewitt Tax Service also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also Jackson Hewitt Tax Service's policy to comply with all applicable state and federal laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions.
