Company Name Carlson Dash, LLC

Job title :   Legal Assistant

Job location :  Chicago, Illinois

Employer name :  
Job description :
We are a group of forward-thinking lawyers and professionals who have built a progressive business law firm based on a more passionate and personal way of practicing law. But what really makes us different? We challenge the legal status quo by constantly questioning traditional practices and pushing ourselves to do better. Our innovative practices include different ways of billing clients, working with clients, using technology to provide better service, and creating non-traditional roles and responsibilities for legal and non-legal staff.
We promise our clients value instead of billable hours.
We believe clients should like their lawyer, and we believe that everyone in the firm should like each other. This means we seek out exceptional, hard-working and good-natured individuals.
We seek clients we believe in and we are passionate about the type of work we do. Life is too short to spend time working with people who don’t share our values, or doing things we don’t enjoy.
What do we offer?
We value our relationship with our staff and want the opportunity to lay a foundation on which you can build a successful career. We want to surround ourselves with people who are engaged, honest and confident enough on their own quest to support ours. We take seriously our responsibility to ensure that you develop as a member of the firm and the legal community. We make every effort to accommodate you so that you are able to gain experience in the areas that interest you. We encourage you to be involved in all aspects of the firm.
We are a progressive firm that is growing quickly and there are times where there are holes – there’s a job that needs doing and there’s no one to do it. We appreciate people who are willing, even enthusiastic, to step up and work hard. There is always going to be “grunt work” but we hope to work with people who challenge the current system, take a risk and find a better way to solve a problem and take nothing at face value.
Who are we looking for?
The Legal Assistant will be expected to help the firm maintain its balance between culture and performance by providing exceptional support in a way that supports our existing culture of performance and fun. We’re a team that values people and it’s no different for this role.
We look for curiosity and innovation. We welcome those who don’t fit the traditional law firm mold. Diverse personalities help keep our lives exciting and entertaining. We look for people who are comfortable in a group setting, are not afraid to speak up and be heard, and who thrive on collaboration (as opposed to competition). We also look for people who have a strong work ethic. We like to enjoy ourselves around the office, and are a lot more informal than many other firms, but we firmly believe that giving our clients the best value often means busting our butts to get them the best advice and service when they need it. We are a culture of fun, but we are also a culture of performance.
We are seeking a talented and experienced Legal Assistant. All candidates are expected to have a solid work history and proven performance; exceptional people skills as this role includes a client relations component; strong technical capabilities; and glowing references.
Beyond these basics, we will consider candidates based on how they demonstrate commitment to the things that we value the most:
· Culture – Happy, engaged and interesting people deliver better value and service to our clients; who in turn give us great work we believe in; which helps keep us happy, engaged and interested.
· People – We leave our egos at the door. We are respectful, collaborative, energetic, fun and open-minded.
· Curiosity – What we are doing has been done before, but not like this.
· Innovation – We get excited about growth, take intelligent risks, make decisions quickly and learn from our mistakes.
· Execution – Take it and run with it.
What to do next!
If you get excited about our vision, we want to talk to you. Send us your cover letter and resume as one single PDF file.
Salary is commensurate with experience. We thank all interested applicants who apply however only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

