American Red Cross

Job title: Humanitarian 
Job location: Albany, NY, US
Employer name: Misha McAllister, SPHR
Job description: 
We are currently seeking a Regional Chief Administrative Officer for our Eastern New York Region, based in Albany, New York.
As one of the nation’s premier humanitarian organizations, the American Red Cross is dedicated to helping people in need throughout the United States and, in association with other Red Cross networks, throughout the world. We depend on the many generous contributions of time, blood, and money from the American public to support our lifesaving services and programs. If you share our passion for helping people, join us in this excellent career opportunity.
Reporting to the Regional Executive, the Regional Chief Administrative Officer serves as a member of the Regional Senior Management Team. Ensures organizational effectiveness by providing leadership, vision and strategic planning. Directs, administers and coordinates the Region’s organizational and business activities to ensure goals and priorities as established by the National Organization and the Regional Executive are met. Supervises the Business Operations Manager, regional administrative staff (volunteers and employees) and Community Services programs if they exist in the Region. Is responsible for all regional administrative functions. Is the liaison with the consolidated back office functions at NHQ (e.g. Finance, HR, IT, Fleet Management, Real Estate, Facilities Management, Risk Management, Office of General Counsel) and ensures the Region’s responsibilities correlating to these functions are accomplished.
Responsibilities
· Staff Management: Responsible for personnel management of the Business Operations Manager/Coordinator, regional administrative staff, facilities/fleet management staff and community services staff. Some or all of these positions may be held by volunteers. Serves as coach and mentor to management, staff (employees and volunteers) in these areas throughout the Region. Demonstrated commitment to professional development for self and staff in the Operations function.
· Financial & Reporting: Provides ongoing analysis, monitoring and forecasting for Region. Interprets financial reports for chapter boards and executives as needed. In collaboration with NHQ Finance unit, ensures fiduciary responsibility, sound financial management and accountability for contributions, income and all other Red Cross assets. In collaboration with the Regional Executive and Regional Chief Development Officer (RCDO), provides support for the analysis, monitoring and forecasting of the fundraising budget. Ensures that the Region is in compliance and meeting all corporate requirements including performance management and reporting. Reporting includes FOCIS, United Way, grant(s) reporting, finance reports and other data as required.
· Consolidated functions: Serves as the regional liaison with National Headquarters consolidated functions (i.e. Finance, Human Resources, Information Technology, Real Estate, Facilities/Fleet Management, Risk Management, Office of General Counsel, etc.) and ensures that the Region’s responsibilities related to carrying out those functions in the region are accomplished.
· Service Delivery Liaison and Program Management Oversight: On behalf of the Regional Executive, may serve as the regional liaison ensuring that a collaborative partnership is maintained with PHSS and Biomed to ensure a One Red Cross approach to service delivery within the Region. Responsible for personnel management, program development, operations, revenue and expense targets for all Community Service programs. Facilitates the planning process including all stakeholders in the event a community service program is transitioned from the Red Cross to another organization.
· Support Function Oversight for:
· Fleet Management: Oversees the Region’s fleet to ensure the upkeep and safe operations of all vehicles and trailers. Works within National and PHH guidelines. Manages the turnover of the fleet through the capital budget following ARC guidelines for age and mileage.
· Facilities Management: In collaboration with NHQ Real Estate Services (RES) ensures that real estate transactions related to leasing/subleasing, selling/purchasing are carried out in accordance with established policies/procedures. Ensures maintenance of building/grounds for all facilities within the Region. When other organizational units (PHSS, BioMed, NHQ) share space in any of the regional facilities, manages the relationships and facility issues with these business partners.
· Human Resources: Serves as the Region’s liaison with Human Resources to ensure that ARC policies & procedures are supported region-wide. Supports the on-boarding of new staff including completion of regulatory requirements, authorized equipment and access
· Information Systems: Serves as the Region’s liaison with IT to ensure that hardware, software, phones and phone systems meet ARC minimum standards and are operational.
· Continuity of Operations: Ensures Continuity of Operations (COOP) plans are in place and updated for all facilities within the Region.
Qualifications
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, non-profit administration or similar field required. MBA or equivalent a plus.
Experience:Minimum 5 years of experience with at least 1 year in a non-profit or service organization preferred. Previous ARC experience desirable.
Management Experience:Minimum 3 years directly related management/supervisory experience.
Skills and Abilities: Ability to plan, prioritize and organize work to maximize team performance and meet customer expectations. Excellent organizational skills and ability to work with attention to detail. Strong project management skills. Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to create and maintain collaborative work relationships within the organization and with external stakeholders. Refined critical thinking, analysis and problem solving skills and the ability to establish and adjust to current and emerging priorities and negotiate multiple complex activities.
Other: Proficient with MS Office software, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook. Strong knowledge of federal, state and local employment laws.
Travel:Travel is required throughout the Region. Some out-of-region travel may also be required.
Essential Functions/Physical Requirements
Depending on work assignment, may require ordinary ambulatory skills sufficient to visit other locations; or the ability to stand, walk and manipulate (lift, carry, move) light to medium weights of up to 20 pounds. Requires good hand-eye coordination, arm, hand and finger dexterity, including ability to grasp, and visual acuity to use a keyboard, operate equipment and read technical information. Overall mobility is essential. May include sitting for long periods of time, driving a vehicle and working under challenging conditions.
Work Conditions
Work is performed indoors with some potential for exposure to safety and health hazards related to emergency services relief work. May travel and participate in meetings and conferences throughout chapter jurisdiction, state and Red Cross system. Because the Red Cross is a disaster response organization, staff may be asked to be on 24-hour call during period of major disaster.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required.
#CB#
Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day.
The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply.
To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of Rights
Posted 29 Days Ago Full time RC6123
As one of the nation’s premier humanitarian organizations, the American Red Cross is dedicated to helping people in need throughout the United States and, in association with other Red Cross networks, throughout the world. We depend on the many generous contributions of time, blood, and money from the American public to support our lifesaving services and programs.
At the American Red Cross, you will enjoy a collaborative work culture committed to the diversity of our people, programs, and services. We need people who want to contribute their individual talents to help their neighbors locally, across the country, and around the world. Whether you’re a recent graduate or an experienced professional, if you share our passion for helping people, join us in for a rewarding and challenging career opportunity that support our mission.
