VelvetJobs
Job title : Director of Security
Job location : Orlando, FL, US

Employer name :
Job description :
Join us in the big leagues! Company is a world leader in communications, business solutions, and entertainment. As part of our Business Sales teams, you'll work with small to large enterprises and government agencies to sell our full-scale business solutions. Our wireless division serves 95 percent of the Fortune 100 companies, accounts for more than 80 percent of the Fortune 500 and has more than 1200 federal, state, and local government agencies as our customers. You'll be part of the team that walks our customers through Company's cutting-edge products, shows them the benefit of our advanced services, and ultimately closes the deal. We aren't just the phone company anymore and you aren't just any sales person. This could be your chance to join a company that's known for being innovative, successful and ahead of the curve. With Company's history of success and commitment to emerging technologies, this is the ideal sales environment for a professional looking to build an amazing career.
Overall Purpose: This sales specialist leadership position provides sales management and overall guidance for a team (8) of Application Sales Executives which have responsibility for selling complex, emerging Security products and/or services, generating sales and supporting the sales efforts of others leveraging product, industry, and / or technology expertise. This position is to support the Government, Education & Healthcare and Public Sector segments.
Key Roles And Responsibilities
This position manages and coordinates the sales and technical teams as required in support of the sale of the companys Security products and services to achieve/exceed Security New Sales Revenue attainment and Total Billed Revenue attainment for the assigned segments.
May also be called on as a Security technical product expert to develop and present sales proposals, systems solutions, RFP responses, and executive presentations.
May be called in as a sales leader to support or close a Security solution sale by account-assigned Account Managers or may identify and close additional opportunities in cooperation with assigned account manager.
Resolves critical issues and contributes to business unit / area development.
Manages the work efforts of Application Sales Executive team with responsibility for hiring, performance management, and pay reviews.
Manage Funnel/Forecast and Top Opportunities for the assigned segments.
Provide Marketing Sensing in support of Product/sales advancement
Supervisory: Yes.
Qualifications Requirements
A strong Security sales, sales leadership and technical background.
Must be able to work well with multiple levels of management throughout the organization.
Excellent knowledge of the cyber security field, and Companys current and future portfolio
Must possess strong leadership skills.
10+ years of related experience
Two+ years of management responsibility.
Ability to pass a background check and drugscreen
Desired
Bachelors degree; Advanced degree preferred
