Evans Hotels
Job title : Director of Security
Job location : San Diego, California

Employer name :
Job description :
SUMMARY
Ensures that the Security Department provides the highest level of service to guests and coworkers. Responsible for emergency preparedness and the protection of people and assets throughout the hotel.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
1. Projects professionalism and courtesy to our guests and coworkers.
2. Serves in a leadership role by fostering teamwork, personal role modeling and open communication with staff.
3. Ensures departmental staffing needs are met with qualified people.
4. Responsible for the development of, and adherence to, departmental operating budgets.
5. Coaches and directs employees to meet departmental goals.
6. Serves as primary liaison with outside safety and emergency services agencies.
7. Ensures the effectiveness and efficiency of internal communications and mail systems.
8. Maintain effective control of keys and lock systems.
9. Assists in maintaining a safe work environment.
10. Undertakes other responsibilities as assigned by the Director of Rooms and General Manager.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES
QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

