Children's National Health System
Job title : Director of Security
Job location : Washington D.C. Metro Area

Employer name : Tandrea Jones
Job description :
The Director, Security Parking & Transportation Services will be responsible to identify, develop, implement, and maintain security processes, practices, and policies throughout the Children’s National Health System to mitigate security risks and to effectively respond to security-related incidents. Will monitor security conditions and conduct ongoing analysis of data received from both external and internal sources and advise hospital leadership on recommended risk mitigation strategy as appropriate. Will develop security education programs to raise the employee awareness level relating to employee personal security, workplace violence, and the protection of Children’s National Health System property. Will research and deploy security technology solutions and innovative security practices and techniques to safeguard health system assets. Will identify security equipment specifications which meet the needs of the Children’s National’s security program and keep abreast of emerging security technologies to ensure the security program remains on the cutting edge of electronic security protection system strategies. Establish appropriate security standards, identify appropriate controls and monitor them for effectiveness. Provide management and oversight of the Parking and Transportation daily operations to ensure the delivery of quality services to the hospital’s patients, families, visitors and employees. Conduct ongoing analysis of Parking and Transportation operations and make recommendations to leadership to improve efficiency and effectiveness as appropriate. In collaboration with key stakeholders, develop strategic plans for Children’s National Parking and Transportation Services to meet the future needs of the organization.
Minimum Education
Bachelor's Degree
Specific Requirements and Preferences
Bachelor’s Degree in Criminal Justice, Police Science, Security Management or related field required. Master’s Degree in related field strongly preferred. Certification as a Certified Protection Professional (CPP) or Certified Healthcare Protection Administrator (CHPA) required.
Minimum Work Experience
10 Year(s)
Specific Requirements and Preferences
At least 10-years of demonstrated experience in managing a corporate security or law enforcement program for a healthcare organization, corporation or in a federal/state agency.
Required Skills/Knowledge
In-depth knowledge of security policies, procedures and practices. Strong knowledge of the Joint Commission and other regulatory agency requirements. Demonstrated leadership and management skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Familiar with the management of a department budget Advanced computer skills/familiarity with business software. In-depth knowledge of physical security systems and products and demonstrated experience with the design, implementation and management of large scale enterprise-wide physical security systems. Proficient to compile and analyze data to support upper management decision-making. Ensure compliance with organizational and departmental policies and procedures, and regulatory standards.
Required Licenses and Certifications
Certification as a Certified Protection Professional (CPP) or Certified Healthcare Protection Administrator (CHPA) required.
Functional Accountabilities
Vision and Strategy
1. Plan, implement, direct and evaluate the Security Services department on a strategic and operational level to ensure the organization’s move to Top Tier and Employer of Choice.
2. Monitor department process and seek opportunities to improve operations.
Security Awareness
1. Design a comprehensive security awareness program to educate Children’s Healthcare System employees on their duties and responsibilities to positively contribute to the provisions of the Security Management Program.
2. Provide multiple mediums to provide a variety of training opportunities for staff regarding the expectations of staff to support the provisions of the security management program (e.g. web based training, in-service training, email reminders).
3. Ensure employees are provided education in the organization’s Violence Free Workplace Policy.
Safety/Security
1. Identify trends, implement improvements and monitor outcomes.
2. Develop, implement, evaluate and modify security programs.
3. Contribute to develop systems to support security standards.
4. Meet accreditation and regulatory requirements; develop staffing plans.
5. Ensure appropriate law enforcement practices and techniques are applied.
6. Liaise with other law enforcement organizations as appropriate, e.g., DC Police.
Security Systems Design and Management
1. Design, implement, and utilize electronic security systems to mitigate security incidents and to identify the perpetrators of criminal offenses and other undesirable activities.
2. Develop and maintain a security technology master plan.
3. Utilize Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design (CPTED) principles in designing physical security protection systems.
4. Keep abreast of emerging security technologies to ensure Children’s National remains on the cutting edge of electronic security protection technologies.
Parking & Transportation Services Management
1. Provide effective leadership in the daily management and oversight of Parking & Transportation Services operations.
2. Plan and develop policies and procedures for Parking & Transportation Services.
3. Ensure continuous quality improvement in operations to ensure visitor and staff satisfaction.
4. Effectively respond to and resolve service-related customer complaints.
5. Perform analysis of Parking and Transportation operations and make recommendations to hospital leadership to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of operations.
6. Provide leadership in the management of proprietary and contracted personnel assigned to Parking and Transportation Services.
7. Effectively manage the Parking and Transportation Services budget.
8. Provide leadership in the management of contracts with service providers and ensure all contract terms are in effect and all parties are in compliance.

