Kirkland & Ellis LLP
Job title : Director of Security
Job location : Chicago, Illinois

Employer name :
Job description :
About Kirkland & Ellis
Kirkland & Ellis LLP is a preeminent, full-service law firm with offices around the world and a staff as diverse as the practice areas we support. Our clients range from Fortune 100 companies to medium and small corporations, financial institutions, and private equity firms. Known for our commitment to excellence, Kirkland strives to provide superior service to our clients as well as our fellow employees. From Information Technology to Human Resources, Paralegal Services to Business Development, Kirkland offers non-attorney professionals challenging careers in a variety of functional areas. Whether starting or growing your career, Kirkland can offer a performance-driven culture filled with bright and innovative teams of co-workers.
Essential Job Functions
Working together with senior leadership, the Director of Information Security has two primary responsibilities. The first is the management and maintenance of the firm’s compliance to ISO 27001 and SOC 2 requirements as well as the diligent and timely response to client initiated security audits. In this role, the individual will work with internal teams, attorneys and external clients in crafting responses to client generated audits. The second is for providing complex, contextual advice on the secure delivery and management of technology. This role requires that the individual exhibit significant technical capabilities, a strong understanding of compliance frameworks as well as professional writing and communication skills.
Qualifications & Requirements
The following experience and education does not need to be consecutive and is preferred. Any combination of experience, education, and certification that demonstrates that the candidate can be successful in the position will be considered.
Experience
· At least five (5) years of experience leading or performing cyber security auditing leveraging industry standard frameworks (ISO, NIST, CSF, HIPAA, PCI, etc.).
· At least five (5) years of experience in Information Technology operational and/or engineering roles.
· At least three (3) years of experience in developing and deploying security policies, standards and procedures.
· Understanding of risk registries, risk remediation tracking and the writing of risk treatment plans.
· Understanding aligning projects to business priorities.
· Understanding of budget management and forecasting.
Education & Professional Certification
· Bachelor’s degree or better in Cyber Security, Information Systems Auditing, or any other security-related subject is preferred.
· CISSP and/or CISA and a technically focused certification is preferred.
How to Apply
Thank you for your interest in Kirkland & Ellis LLP. To complete an application and submit your resume, please click "Apply Now."
Equal Employment Opportunity
All employment decisions, including the recruiting, hiring, placement, training availability, promotion, compensation, evaluation, disciplinary actions, and termination of employment (if necessary) are made without regard to the employee’s race, color, creed, religion, sex, pregnancy or childbirth, personal appearance, family responsibilities, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity, political affiliation, source of income, place of residence, national or ethnic origin, ancestry, age, marital status, military veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, physical or mental disability, or on any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
Closing Statement
The www.kirkland.com job postings and recruiting mailbox are for candidates only. If you are a recruiter, search firm or employment agency, and do not have a signed contract with Kirkland & Ellis LLP ("K&E") and have not been asked specifically to submit candidates, you will not be compensated in any way for your referral of a candidate even if K&E hires the candidate. Direct contact with K&E employees in an attempt to present candidates is inappropriate and will be a factor in determining any future professional relationship with the Firm.

