Unisys
Job title : Director of Security
Job location : Blue Bell, Pennsylvania

Employer name :
Job description :
Unisys is a global information technology (“IT”) company. We work with many of the world’s largest companies and government organizations to solve their most pressing IT and business challenges. We specialize in providing integrated, leading edge solutions to clients in the government, financial services and commercial markets. Our offerings include cloud and infrastructure services, application services, security solution and high-end server technology. We have more than 20,000 associates serving clients around the world. For more information, visit www.unisys.com.
The Sr Director of Security Marketing drives all marketing activities for the company’s security business worldwide. This includes market requirements and intelligence, helping define solutions and positioning them for market leadership, developing content that engages throughout the buyer journey, promoting awareness of and preference for these, planning and building demand generation programs, enabling sales and powering communities of interest.
Critical factors for success are knowledge of security and cyber security, significant product marketing or sales experience, and the ability to operate in a matrix organization to build consensus among industry marketing, solution managers, field marketers, sales and service teams. You would be joining a high-powered team, with the expectation to bring fresh thinking, a creative approach and familiarity with leading-edge marketing tools and methods. Our team’s mission – and yours – is to drive profitable growth by acquiring leads, empowering sales, cultivating loyalty and creating preference for Unisys. We have a self-enabled culture of collaboration, energy, ideas and action.
Position Responsibilities:
 Analyze markets and market requirements to identify high-potential segments, help define business drivers, customer needs, solutions, and establish competitive positioning for these
 Build compelling content from research, customer success, e-books, infographics, videos, demos to webinars to effectively engage, nurture and convert prospects.
 Establish market leadership in security solutions through thought leadership, public and social media, events, industry associations, relationships with key analysts, and the cultivation of client spokespeople and communities
 Work with solution management, industry and field marketing, and sales to plan and build effective go-to-market programs including account-based marketing, search, social, email and events.
 Develop sales training content and support training efforts led and delivered by Unisys University
 Define metrics to measure meaningful progress against goals, and report these
· Content Requirements - Work closely with content marketing, product marketing and sales stakeholders to define content requirements and develop them accordingly.
· Integrated Marketing Campaigns - Define, execute and optimize integrated marketing, nurture campaigns and scoring models to support campaign themes and achieve demand generation goals. Leverages assets, programs, support and resources across the marketing team to complement marketing campaign activities.
· Develop premium, multi-purpose content of specific value to appropriate sub-segments and targets
· Analytics - Establish a data-driven, performance-based marketing organization and dashboards. Work in close partnership with marketing operations to analyze performance data and make operational
Key Attributes:
 Ability to influence in a centralized role: persuasive and seen as a trusted advisor
 Driven and resourceful: ability to take calculated risk, solve problems on your own, and make decisions
 Creative: seek new ways of approaching and overcoming challenges
 Contemporary: able to use latest customer acquisition and marketing automation tools and techniques
 Strategic: able to quickly sort through clutter and see patterns where others just see complexity. Able to quickly play out alternatives and understand implications Getting it done: Turn conversation and thoughts into action, and drive to the end goal
Required:
 10+ years in software and/or services marketing (security, cybersecurity)
 Program management discipline
 Software product, services launches
 Go-to-market program development
 Strong story-boarding and content development (digital/social media expertise desired)
 Workshop facilitation and client briefings
 Market analysis background
 BA in engineering or marketing, MBA preferred
Do you have what it takes to be mission-critical? Apply Now.
Unisys offers a very competitive benefits package including health insurance coverage from first day of employment, a 401k with an immediately vested company match, vacation and educational benefits. To learn more about Unisys visit us at www.Unisys.com.
Unisys is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EEO). M/F/Disabled/Vete
