Monterey Peninsula College
Job title : Director of Security
Job location : Monterey, CA, US


Employer name :
Job description :
Director, Security & Emergency Operations
MONTEREY PENINSULA COLLEGE
SALARY: $5,943.00  $7,223.00 Monthly
OPENING DATE: 03/23/17
CLOSING DATE: 04/16/17 11:59 PM
Job Summary
DESCRIPTION:
Under the general direction of the Vice President, Administrative Services, the Director of Security and Emergency Operations is responsible for overseeing the Campus Security Department to provide a safe and secure environment for students, staff, visitors, and property and for enforcing applicable laws, policies, procedures, and ordinances. The Director shall plan, develop, implement, and monitor campus safety, parking and security operations and develop, coordinate, and train employees in a comprehensive emergency management plan for the District. The Director is responsible for ensuring compliance with federal, state, and regional laws, regulations and procedures. This position is a Classified Manager and exempt from overtime.
Example Of Duties
Essential Functions
· Develop, organize, and implement a comprehensive District campus security program to manage security operations and address natural and manmade emergency situations at the college and all offcampus sites. Collaborate with departments to address security issues and concerns. Advise administration regarding security and protective services.
· Develop, coordinate, and oversee the emergency preparedness and recovery plans, operations, and procedures for the District according to California Standardized Emergency Management Systems (SEMS) and the National Incident Management Systems (NIMS). Develop, plan, and implement training for all employees including, handson drills, simulations, workshops, and exercises to prepare for and assess the District's readiness to respond to safety, security, and crisis situations. Develop and maintain a District Emergency Management website.
· Provide leadership in the development, implementation, and management of campus public safety and security operations and services in compliance with applicable laws, regulations, District policy and procedures, and collective bargaining agreements; evaluate effectiveness of operations and services; develop, recommend, and implement plan to improve operations and services
· Develop, implement, and maintain operational guidelines and procedures for Campus Security. Ensure and provide appropriate training for campus security personnel.
· Maintain currency with legislative changes and trends in the area of security and emergency preparedness. Recommend policies, procedures, and programs to ensure compliance, efficiencies, and best practices.
· Respond to incidents and emergencies on campus; review and manage all incident reports; determine appropriate security responses to incidents; conduct confidential and sensitive investigations and write reports; contact and liaise with public safety authorities regarding crimes on campus, as appropriate. Communicate and coordinate security responses with administrators, including incidents related to student and employee investigations and discipline.
· Coordinate resources with outside emergency, law enforcement, and fire service agencies; develop and maintain effective partnerships with local public safety agencies in the prevention, control and investigation of illegal activities affecting campus personnel, students, and facilities. Represent and serve as liaison to federal, state, and local agencies. Develop and maintain positive community relations.
· Responsible for adequate staffing and scheduling for campus safety operations, including alternate staffing plans to meet safety and security needs and address emergency situations. Select, train, supervise, and evaluate the performance of assigned staff; recommend transfers, reassignments,
discipline, terminations, promotions, and other personnel actions as appropriate.
· Conduct campus awareness programs and presentations on safety, security, and crime prevention
to faculty, staff, administrators, and students. Develop and maintain positive public relations with
students, staff, faculty, administrators, and the District community.
· Develop, implement, and maintain an effective parking control system. Formulate and implement
parking appeals procedures.
· Develop, implement, and maintain effective traffic control processes including modification of traffic
signage as needed and adequate staffing for event management.
· Develop and prepare the annual preliminary budgets for assigned programs; monitors and
controls budget expenditures; prepare and maintain detailed and comprehensive reports, records
and files regarding personnel, programs, operations, facilities, and other related activities.
· Prepare a variety of written reports and documents in compliance with federal, state and District
reporting requirements, including but not limited to the Annual Security Report. Develop and
implement policies and procedures to comply with the Jeanne Clery Act.
· Attend local, state, and federally sponsored meetings, conferences, and workshops in the field of
emergency management and public safety. Participate in districtwide and District committees that address emergency management and safety issues.
Other Functions
Perform other related duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications
Education and Experience
Any combination equivalent to: Two years of collegelevel coursework in a law enforcement or related field from an accredited college or university OR five (5) years of recent professional law enforcement experience AND three (3) years of direct supervision and/or management responsibilities related to security, public safety, and emergency preparedness.
Licenses And Other Requirements
At time of application, the following are required: Possession of a Basic POST certification and a California POST Supervisory and Management course certificate, or equivalent. Hold or obtain a CPR and First Aid certificate within sixty (60) days of employment. Hold or obtain a valid Class C California driver's and evidence of appropriate automobile insurance based on DMV regulations. Must be insurable by the college's insurance carrier while employed. Possess or be eligible to obtain a School Security Officer Certification SB 1626 within six months of employment. Hold or obtain a valid First Aid and adult CPR with AED training Certificate within six months of employment. Maintain certification currency.
WORKING CONDITIONS
Environment: Indoor and outdoor work environment. Be available oncall to respond to emergency situations. Driving a vehicle to conduct work as necessary. Travel to District's sites required. Requires some evening and weekend responsibility. Most hours of assignment will require standing, walking/making rounds of campus buildings; climbing stairs, carrying heavy loads, carrying and using radio for campus communication; lift, carry, push, or pull 25 pounds.
Knowledge
Knowledge of: Public safety, law enforcement and security methods and trends with an emphasis on the campus environment; current methods of equipment used in the security and public safety field; interpersonal skills using tact, patience, firmness, and diplomacy; California Education Code, vehicle code, penal code, laws of arrest, search and seizure; applicable State and Federal laws and regulations including the Jeanne Clery Act; public disaster preparedness organizations, plans, and communications, evacuation, search and rescue techniques, including triage and Incident Command System and Standardized Emergency Management System and National Incident Management System guidelines; investigative techniques and report writing; prevention of security breaches and criminal activity; the academic, ethnic, socioeconomic, religious, disability, and gender diversity of students and staff attending or working on a community college campus; principles of public and community relations; budget preparation and administration including techniques of cost analysis; functional knowledge of Peace Officers Standards and Training (POST) and SB 1626 training and compliance; and correct English usage, grammar, spelling, punctuation, and vocabulary.
Abilities
Ability to: Understand and independently carry out oral and written instructions; use interpersonal skills using tact, patience, firmness, and diplomacy; analyze situations, make decisions on procedural matters and adopt an effective course of action to deescalate a situation; perform basic recordkeeping and report writing skills; use appropriate and correct English spelling, grammar, and punctuation; perform arithmetical calculations with speed and accuracy; communicate effectively in both oral and written form; efficiently use a variety of office equipment as needed to fulfill the needs of the job; maintain security and confidentiality of records and information; establish and maintain effective work relationships with those contacted in the performance of required duties; demonstrate an understanding of, sensitivity to and appreciation for the academic, ethnic, socioeconomic, religious, disability and gender diversity of students and staff attending or working on a community college campus; establish, develop and maintain effective working relationships with colleagues, faculty, staff, students and the community; establish and maintain collaborative partnership with local public safety agencies; communicate effectively both orally and in writing including complex proposals, reports and informational communications.
Work Schedule / Supplemental Information
Work Schedule
40 hours per week/ 12 months per year
Hours Vary MondayFriday. Some weekend and evening hours required.
Exempt Position - No Overtime
Management reserves the right to change schedules as needed
Salary
STEP A ($5,943.00)  STEP E ($7,223.00) + GREAT BENEFITS PACKAGE (no additional costs for benefits)
Monterey Peninsula College provides eligible employees with valuable benefits options, including medical, dental, vision, life/AD&D and longterm disability. Monterey Peninsula College is a PERS employer.
How To Apply
Visit http://apptrkr.com/987839
For more information regarding the position please contact,
Kayla Garcia
Human Resources Specialist
8316463038
kgarcia@mpc.edu
· Complete all required fields of the application AND:
· Attach a .pdf of your cover letter which describes your interest in and qualifications for the position. AND
· Attach a .pdf of your resume AND
· Answer any required supplemental questions, if prompted AND
· Any certificates related to position
· Copy of valid California's driver license
Only items listed above will be reviewed by the screening committee. Human Resources does not accept additional materials such as: letters of reference, test scores from other institutions, certificates of courses/programs completed, letters of commendation from schools, or transcripts with your application. Such items, if included, will not be forwarded to the selection committee. If you are a finalist, HR will request any reference information that is required.
Monterey Peninsula College reserves the right to close or continue the recruitment at any time.
Conditions of Employment
Offers of employment are contingent upon Governing Board approval. Employment with Monterey Peninsula College is not complete or official until applicants meet all preemployment requirements. All new employees are required to submit proof of freedom from tuberculosis and proof of eligibility to work in the United States. Employees must sign the Oath of Affirmation of Allegiance, and submit fingerprints.
The District is an equal opportunity employer. The policy of the District is to encourage applications from all persons. No person shall be denied employment because of ethnicity or race, color, sex or gender, gender identity, age, religion, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, national origin, medical conditions, status as a Vietnamera veteran, ancestry, or political or organizational affiliation
Position #201600091
