McKesson
Job title : Director of Security
Job location : Scottsdale, AZ, US


Employer name :
Job description :
McKesson is in the business of better health and we touch the lives of patients in virtually every aspect of healthcare. We partner with payors, hospitals, physician offices, pharmacies, pharmaceutical companies and others across the spectrum of care to build healthier organizations that deliver better care to patients in every setting. We believe in the importance of strong, vital organizations because we know that patients can only be healthy when our system is healthy.
Every single McKesson employee contributes to our mission—by joining McKesson you act as a catalyst in a chain of events that helps millions of people all over the globe. Talented, compassionate people are the future of our company—and of healthcare. At McKesson, you’ll collaborate on the products and solutions that help us carry out our mission to improve lives and advance healthcare. Working here is your opportunity to shape an industry that’s vital to us all.
We understand the importance of a system that works together. Your expertise, drive and passion can help us improve everything we touch, from providers to payors to pharmacies. Join our team of leaders to begin a rewarding career.
Wherever you contribute here at McKesson, you will have the ability to make a real impact in the lives of others.
Current Need
We are seeking a Director, Security Processes – Mergers, Acquisitions & Divestures to join our ISRM team!
The corporate Information Security Risk Management (ISRM) organization is responsible for building and promoting the enterprise-wide IT Governance, Risk, Security, Privacy, and Compliance Programs. The objectives of these programs are to identify potential risks, consult on possible solutions, and assist in determining the best balance of risk, cost, and business benefit to adequately protect critical IT assets.
This position can be located in our Alpharetta, GA or Scottsdale, AZ office
Position Description
This role will assist in creating processes that will be utilized to bring new acquisitions and mergers in line with the ISRM Program. Being able to quickly identify risks and outliers to the ISRM Program will be a priority for each merger and acquisition. In addition, as we divest business units we need to develop a process that outlines how we move these business units away from the ISRM programs and services being utilized within the business unit.
· Provide process to identify gaps security policies/standards/ and practices, processes, and solutions; recommend actions to the BU.
· Work with business and IT owners to establish priorities
· Execute problem determination and resolution for security gaps.
· Work with the ISRM team to ensure appropriate training and mentoring is established for new security team members.
· Interact with other IT Staff / Business Leads to ensure their needs are being addressed from a security perspective.
Qualifications
Minimum Requirements
8+ years experience in administering security controls in an organization
Critical Skills
· 4+ years in Information Security or Compliance related services, IT audit, Internal Audit and/or Risk Management Experience
· Experience in Risk Assessment, audit, and IT security assessments
· Strong interpersonal skills to foster good business relationships.Able to handle moderate to complex resolution without escalation and with minimal supervision.
· Able to exercise professional judgment.
Additional Knowledge & Skills
· Experience in working with mergers, acquisitions and divestitures a plus.
· Experience with MS Win 7 & Ofc 2007+; MS Visio, Winzip, and Archer is a plus.
Education
4-year degree in computer science or related field or equivalent experience
Physical Requirements
General Office Demands
Benefits & Company Statement
McKesson believes superior performance – individual and team – that helps us drive innovations and solutions to promote better health should be recognized and rewarded. We provide a competitive compensation program to attract, retain and motivate a high-performance workforce, and it’s flexible enough to meet the different needs of our diverse employee population.
We are in the business of better health and we touch the lives of patients in virtually every aspect of healthcare. We partner with payers, hospitals, physician offices, pharmacies, pharmaceutical companies and others across the spectrum of care to build healthier organizations that deliver better care to patients in every setting.
But we can’t do it without you. Every single McKesson employee contributes to our mission—whatever your title, whatever your role, you act as a catalyst in a chain of events that helps millions of people all over the globe. Talented, compassionate people are the future of our company—and of healthcare. At McKesson, you’ll collaborate on the products and solutions that help us carry out our mission to improve lives and advance healthcare. Working here is your opportunity to shape an industry that’s vital to us all.
McKesson is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer – minorities/females/veterans/persons with disabilities.
Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history.
Agency Statement
No agencies please.
