Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts
Job title : Director of Security
Job location : Kapolei, HI, US


Employer name :
Job description :
Job Summary
The Four Seasons Resort O’ahu at Ko Olina is looking for an Assistant Director of Security who has a passion for excellence and the spirit of aloha.
he Assistant Director of Security is second in command , reporting and assisting the Director of Security , the Security staff and all other employees in the safe and orderly administration of the Resort. This requires adherence and enforcement of all safety guidelines and preparedness required for daily operations or when testing or responding to the resort's Emergency Response Plan.
Join Our Ohana
We invite you to join our ‘ohana at the Four Seasons Resort O’ahu at Ko Olina as we prepare to open one of the finest resorts in the world. We’re excited to bring the Four Seasons Experience to O’ahu for the first time and embrace the unique local culture here in Hawai’i. Our work environment pairs a strong commitment to excellent service and authentic experiences with an emphasis on creativity and innovation. Four Seasons has been ranked in FORTUNE Magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For since 1998. We’re looking for individuals with not only the right skills and attitude for the role, but also the aloha spirit!
Responsibilities
· Assist in the leadership of the team on a daily basis which includes ensuring the implementation of all policies and procedures as it relates to Safety and Security.
· The ability to assist hotel staff in handling of unusual guest or employee problems, such as, but not limited to, disorderly conduct, thefts, suicides, bomb threats, employee or guest accidents, fire or safety hazards, robberies, terrorist activities, civil disturbance, power or elevator failures, medical assistance and natural disasters.
· Generate reports and conduct investigations as applicable for incidents including but not limited to those as listed above.
Preferred Qualifications And Skills
· High school diploma or equivalent experience
· At least one (1) year supervisory experience in Security. First responder certificate a plus. Previous administration of persons in lifesaving or property protection situations.Experienced in CPR, first aid, fire fighting and crowd control. previous police or law enforcement a bonus.
· Must have Security Guard Card
· Ability to read, write and speak English with proficiency.
· Working knowledge of Microsoft Windows, Word and Excel.
· Successful candidates must possess legal work authorization in the United States.
About Four Seasons Resort O'ahu At Ko Olina
On Oahu’s sunny western coast – wild, rugged and conveniently close to Honolulu and Waikiki Beach – Four Seasons Resort O’ahu at Ko Olina balances a classic Hawaiian style with one-of-a-kind luxury.
Chic and light-filled with vast ocean views, our 371 accommodations provide a personal sanctuary in this all-encompassing Hawaiian luxury beach resort. Restaurants and bars are infused with the magnetic energy of Ko Olina. Guests have the opportunity to splash into lively pools and lagoons, with numerous water sports right off the Resort’s own beach. They are also able to play tennis and golf, then relax in the Spa – wrapped in the effortless elegance of Four Seasons.
Working at Four Seasons
Four Seasons can offer what many hospitality professionals dream of – an opportunity to build a life-long career with global potential and a real sense of pride in work well done. In line with our plans for future growth, we are committed to staff levels that are in keeping with our extraordinary staff-to-guest ratios. We believe that attitude counts as much as skill. As a result, Four Seasons hires motivated people who we train to perform superbly, while we create an environment where they can flourish. Ultimately, our culture breeds success, and rewards it in many different ways.
Learn more about Four Seasons
http://jobs.fourseasons.com
https://www.linkedin.com/company/four-seasons-hotels-and-resorts
Learn more about Four Seasons O’ahu at Ko Olina on Social Media
Instagram: @FSOahu
Twitter: @FSOahu
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/FourSeasonsResortOahu
We look forward to receiving your application! Mahalo!
Four Seasons is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. To access the 'EEOC is The Law' Information poster please visit this website - http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf
