Tetra Tech
Job title : Director of Security
Job location : New York City, NY, US


Employer name :
Job description :
Director of Security Systems Design
Cosentini Associates (www.cosentini.com), a Tetra Tech company, invites you to consider an exciting opportunity within our New York City office. We are seeking an innovative and assertive Director of Security Systems Design to join our renowned design team to both lead design teams and manage a portfolio of projects.
About This Opportunity
As a Director of Security Systems Design at Cosentini, you will have the opportunity to apply your design expertise on exciting and challenging national and international projects. You will have the chance to mentor and impart knowledge to junior engineers and designers. At the same time, you will be working with some of the top engineers in the field, gaining additional expertise and building your reputation and career.
What’s so great about this job?
This is an excellent opportunity to perform innovative security systems designs for innovative building projects. This unique position offers career challenge, advancement opportunities, and provides access to a market-leading compensation and benefits package.
Why join Cosentini?
Cosentini Associates provides the following engineering services: HVAC, Electrical Power, Fire Protection, Plumbing, Energy Conservation and Sustainable Design, Code Consulting and Construction Administration Services. We have a reputation for innovative design in the global design and construction industry. As part of the Tetra Tech family, we are a leading provider of consulting, engineering, and technical services worldwide. Our reputation rests on the technical expertise and dedication of our employees – 16,000 people working together across disciplines and time zones to provide smart, sustainable solutions for challenging projects. We are proud to be home to leading technical experts in water, environment, infrastructure, resource management, energy, and international development. Tetra Tech combines the resources of a global, multibillion dollar company with local, client-focused delivery in 400 locations around the world. We offer competitive compensation and benefits and are searching for innovative people to join our teams. Cosentini Associates/Tetra Tech, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. We invite resumes from all interested parties including, women, minorities, veterans, and persons with disabilities.
What kind of candidate are we looking for?
We are seeking a talented and highly motivated candidate with a B.S. and a minimum of 10 years’ experience. Responsibilities include directing the security design for all Cosentini projects involving studies, reports, design, development, project management, field implementation and AutoCAD/Revit design. Successful candidates will have experience in client relationships and project management, security systems design and development, technical specifications for bid, AutoCAD/Revit security engineering, cabling infrastructure drawings, and coordination with IT and MEP trades. Expertise in electronic (access control systems, CCTV, alarm systems) and physical (bollard systems, gates/gatehouses, etc.) security systems is a requirement. Experience and expertise in conducting Threat and Vulnerability Assessments preferred. To be successful, candidate must have excellent technical skills, communication and interpersonal skills, and business acumen.
We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Tetra Tech is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Job
Systems
Primary Location
United States-NY-US-New York
Organization
151 CAA
Schedule
Full-time
Job Posting
Mar 2, 2016, 7:44:23 AM
Job Closing Date
Ongoing
