Gilead Sciences
Job title : Manufacturing Lead
Job location : San Dimas, CA, US


Employer name :
Job description :
Gilead Sciences, Inc. is a research-based biopharmaceutical company founded in 1987. Together we deliver life-saving therapies to patients in need. With the commitment and drive you bring to the workplace every day, you will be part of a team that is changing the world and helping millions of people live healthier, more fulfilling lives. Our worldwide staff is a close community where you can see the tangible results of your contributions, where every individual matters, and everyone has a chance to enhance their skills through ongoing development. Our scientific focus has resulted in marketed products that are benefiting hundreds of thousands of people, a pipeline of late-stage drug candidates, and unmatched patient access programs to ensure medications are available to those who could otherwise not afford them. By joining Gilead, you will further our mission to address unmet medical needs and improve life by advancing the care of patients with life-threatening diseases.
Essential Functions
Provides hands-on guidance to Manufacturing Technicians.
Conducts Technicians’ performance evaluations and one-to one meetings
Assigns daily job responsibilities.
Expedites production scheduling through communication with QA/QC and Inventory Control personnel.
Participates in production processes, including cleaning and set-up.
Complies with all established SOPs in performance of job. Adheres consistently to GMPs.
Investigates and reports on variance or deviations from standard procedures..
Has daily contact with Compliance, Inventory Control and Maintenance to ensure equipment and materials are ready and available for use.
Knowledge, Experience And Skills
Proficient knowledge of Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs)
Audit and Investigation Skills, Report Writing Skills.
Strong Verbal, Technical Writing And Interpersonal Skills Are Required.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications.
Must possess a strong knowledge of the FDA/IMB and cGMP standards as well as regulatory guidance documents.
8+ years of relevant experience and a AS or AA
6+ years of relevant experience and a BS or BA.
4+ years of relevant experience and a MS.
Prior experience in a cGMP related industry is required, within Biopharmaceutical or Pharmaceutical industry preferred.
Must be able to work on a rotational shift schedule alternating between day shift and grave shift.
Must be able to work 12 hour shift schedules.
Must be able to work weekends
Must be able to work holidays
Must be able to operate and qualify for respirator usage
Must be able to see and distinguish all colors and shades
Must be able to stand for a continuous 4 hours
Must be able to change into Gilead gowns and work attire as required for the task.
Occasionally lift 50 lbs
Routinely lift 25 lbs
For Jobs In The United States
As an equal opportunity employer, Gilead Sciences Inc. is committed to a diverse workforce. Employment decisions regarding recruitment and selection will be made without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, genetic information or characteristic, gender identity and expression, veteran status, or other non-job related characteristics or other prohibited grounds specified in applicable federal, state and local laws. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants who require accommodation in the job application process may contact careers@gilead.com for assistance.
For more information about equal employment opportunity protections, please view the ‘EEO is the Law’ poster.
NOTICE: EMPLOYEE POLYGRAPH PROTECTION ACT
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT
PAY TRANSPARENCY NONDISCRIMINATION PROVISION
Our environment respects individual differences and recognizes each employee as an integral member of our company. Our workforce reflects these values and celebrates the individuals who make up our growing team.
Gilead provides a work environment free of harassment and prohibited conduct. We promote and support individual differences and diversity of thoughts and opinion.
For Jobs In France
Conformément à la Loi « Informatique et Libertés » (06/01/78), nous vous informons du fait que les données personnelles renseignées pourront faire l'objet d'un traitement informatique par Gilead et pourront être transmises aux Organismes Sociaux. Par ailleurs, vous disposez d'un droit d'accès, de rectification et de suppression des données vous concernant. Vous pouvez exercer ce droit en contactant: tlaurent@gilead.com
For Current Gilead Employees
Please log onto your Internal Career Site to apply for this job.
