Mars Petcare US
Job title : Manufacturing Lead
Job location : Franklin, US-TN


Employer name : Chris Calcagni, MBA

Job description :
A mutually rewarding experience.
Work. Realize your ambitions. And realize there’s more to being in business than just making a profit. That’s the Mars philosophy. And the opportunity we offer every one of our Associates. An opportunity to take what you do and make it mean more for you, for those around you and for the planet. What you get here is challenging, interesting work. You get the tools you need to do a great job and you get to have the best possible people on your side to help you do it. And at the same time as getting to find ways to do business better today than we did it yesterday and driving a great career, you also get to build a more enlightened business and drive sustainability.
Because it’s never just about a single person, a single project or a single brand. It’s about how you can grab everything that’s within your reach here and use it to pursue mutual, long-term gain. It’s about having ideas. And ideals. Being prepared to risk failure because the promise of success means we’ll all be a little better off. It’s that mix of integrity and ambition that makes Mars such a special place to work. And why working here is always about more than just a job.
Mars has net sales of more than $33 billion, operates six business segments including Petcare, Chocolate, Wrigley, Food, Drinks, Symbioscience, and more than 75,000 Associates worldwide that are putting its Principles into action to make a difference for people and the planet through its performance.
Mars brands include: Petcare – PEDIGREE®, ROYAL CANIN®, WHISKAS®, BANFIELD® Pet Hospital, CESAR®, SHEBA®, DREAMIES® and NUTRO®; Chocolate – M&M’S®, SNICKERS®, DOVE®, GALAXY®, MARS®, MILKY WAY® and TWIX®; Wrigley – DOUBLEMINT®, EXTRA®, ORBIT® and 5™ chewing gums, SKITTLES® and STARBURST® candies, and ALTOIDS® AND LIFESAVERS® mints. Food – UNCLE BEN’S®, DOLMIO®, EBLY®, MASTERFOODS®, SEEDS OF CHANGE® and ROYCO®; Drinks – ALTERRA COFFEE ROASTERS™, THE BRIGHT TEA COMPANY™, KLIX® and FLAVIA®; Symbioscience – COCOAVIA® and WISDOM PANEL®.
Position Title: External Manufacturing Lead
Reports To: Site Q&FS Manager
Segment: Mars Petcare
Family: Quality
Function: R&D
Location: Franklin, TN
Level of Role
Individual Contributor
Number of Reports
2-10 Indirect associates
Purpose of Role
The Quality Lead is responsible for supporting and leading the team of supply based quality technicians in their accuracy and adherence to Mars Quality and Food Safety systems.
The lead must be able to perform all Quality checks through the receiving and production process. They are responsible for ensuring ingredients and product meet all quality specifications while complying with Mars Test Methods, Global Q&FS Standards, GMP’s, and Hygiene requirements. They are responsible for operating and maintaining equipment in a safe and efficient manner to ensure we are manufacturing safe and quality product.
In addition they are responsible to have working knowledge of the microbiological sampling programs.
Principal Accountabilities
oResponsible for training and coordinating the shift-based Quality Technicians throughout the site. Examples of duties that the team of Quality Technicians would perform are;
oInbound raw material testing per ingredient specifications
oIn process testing per MPC procedures and product specifications
oAt-Packaging testing per MPC procedures and product specifications
oMicrobiological sampling per MPC procedures and Global Standards
oGrading products and providing inputs to Shift Conformance and Daily Assessment Panel
oReacting to and properly documenting/dispositioning out of spec raw materials and products
oExecuting holds and the subsequent processes
oClearly and accurately document checks and maintain record keeping.
oProvide training and support of the weekly micro sampling. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
oThe ability to navigate and make changes to the MBA program (Mars Petcare Microbiology Analysis)
o Daily environmental sampling
o Daily FP composite sampling
o Weekly Airborne Mold sampling
o Weekly EB swab sampling
o Weekly EB residue sampling
oAbility to e-mail SARFs (Sample Analysis Request Forms) to Silliker and Mars Micro Lab.
oWorks proficiently in: Nexus, Microsoft Office, MBA, NIR, Outlook, etc.
oFacilitate sampling plans: raw, Salmonella, Enterobacteriaceae (EB), airborne mold, CDEC, etc.
oProcess additional sample requests (Wal-Mart, NIR, R&D, etc)
oRole Model the 5 principles of Mars and the importance of Quality.
oGood working relationship with the QST, Shift Managers, Line Leads, Extruder/Relief Operators, Unloaders and other site associates.
oMaintain the sanitation expectations of the lab, surrounding area and equipment.
oTroubleshoot issues to ensure continued efficiency
oOther duties as assigned such as;
oPerform Cross Check Program (NIR and Wet Chemistry)
oConduct FIFO reporting – FP and Ing.
oMixer distribution studies
oPerform on-line validation of the CCP metal detector
oPerform net weight capability tests
oAssist in production trials
oServe on one or more cross-functional teams such as; HACCP Team, Internal Audit Team, Food Defense Team, Incident Management/Risk Assessment Team, Change Management Team, CVS Team.
Key Supporting Competencies
oPlanning
oIntegrity & Trust
oConflict Management
oPeer Relationships
oProblem Solving
oDrive for Results
Minimum Qualifications
oHigh School Diploma or equivalent required
oAble to lift up to 50 pounds repetitively
oMust be able to work at elevated heights
oMust be able to adapt to temperature and environmental extremes from hot to cold, dust, dirt and chemicals
oComputer/Technical Savvy
oStrong communication skills
oAbility to establish good peer relationships
Mars is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. The company is pleased to provide such assistance, and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request.
	
