3M
Job title : Manufacturing Lead
Job location : Cordova, IL, US


Employer name :
Job description :
Manufacturing Lean Lead*
US, Illinois, Cordova
At 3M, we apply science in collaborative ways to improve lives daily. With $30 billion in sales, our 90,000 employees connect with customers all around the world.
3M has a long-standing reputation as a company committed to innovation. We provide the freedom to explore and encourage curiosity and creativity. We gain new insight from diverse thinking, and take risks on new ideas.
Here, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter.
Job Description
3M is seeking a Manufacturing Lean Lead for the Materials Resource Division located in Cordova, IL.
Job Summary
The person hired for the position of Manufacturing Lean Lead will provided leadership in lean methodology to create and reinforce a lean manufacturing culture site wide. The successful candidate will drive continuous improvement through the utilization of lean tools while driving lean improvements through project execution and coaching and teaching others.
Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following:
· Support the deployment of lean manufacturing processes, continuous improvement, standard work, problem solving, value stream mapping, training, and employee engagement.
· Lead, teach, and coach employees at all levels of the organization on lean principles and leadership behaviors.
· Facilitate the development and maintain the site’s lean implementation plan and collaborate with division leadership and other sites and groups in the plan development.
· Lead continuous improvement events and projects resulting in sustained improvements in manufacturing processes and also resulting in employee skill and knowledge development.
· Use tracking and reporting systems, prepare plans, drive performance and assures timely completion and achievement of product / process quality and savings goals.
· Build organizational agility and deepen lean maturity through strategic engagement to deliver targeted lean six sigma savings.
· Support EPR / BT deployment as needed.
Basic Qualifications
· Bachelor’s degree or higher from an accredited institution
· Minimum five (5) years of manufacturing and / or supply chain experience
Preferred Qualifications
· Bachelor’s degree in technical, business, or management field
· Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certified
· Experience with lean projects and methodologies including projects with significant impact on the business.
· Ability to deal with ambiguity.
· Experience leading change and ability to influence at all levels.
· Strong project management, organizational, analytical and presentation skills.
Location: Cordova, IL
Travel: May include up to 10%
Relocation: Is authorized
Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws.
U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens.
To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s).
The questions asked in this application are intended to assess this and will be used for evaluation purposes only. Failure to provide the necessary information in this regard will result in our inability to consider you further for this particular position. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at 3M Company's sole election.
Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status)
Learn more about 3M’s creative solutions to the world’s problems at www.3M.com or on Twitter @3M or @3MNewsroom. 3M is an equal opportunity employer. 3M will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status.
Please note: your application may not be considered if you do not provide your education and work history, either by: 1) uploading a resume, or 2) entering the information into the application fields directly.
3M Global Terms of Use and Privacy Statement
Carefully read these Terms of Use before using this website. Your access to and use of this website and application for a job at 3M are conditioned on your acceptance and compliance with these terms.
Please access the linked document by clicking here , select the country where you are applying for employment, and review. Before submitting your application you will be asked to confirm your agreement with the terms.
Posted 29 Days Ago Full time R00023643
3M is science applied to life.
At 3M, we are in your cell phone. We are in your car. We are at your doctor’s office. You are never more than 10 feet from a 3M product.
3M helps make it possible for many other companies to do what they do.
At 3M, we produce a mind-bending 55,000 products. Our technology expertise started over 100 years ago with ceramics, turning minerals into sandpaper. This expertise has grown to span 46 technology platforms, with thousands of products and applications.
Our scientists are experts at combining our core technologies to invent a surprising range of products. Our people and our products reshape the way we live our lives every day.
From celebrating new ideas to uncovering fresh uses for tried and true products, 3M solves problems for people, for communities and customers around the world.
