Cymer
Job title : Manufacturing Lead
Job location : San Diego, CA, US


Employer name :
Job description :
Job Location: San Diego, California
Description: Develop, implement and maintain methods, operation sequence and processes in the manufacture or fabrication of parts, components, sub-assemblies and final assemblies. Interface with design engineering in coordinating the release of new products. Maintain records and reporting systems for coordination of manufacturing operations. Develop, evaluate and improve manufacturing methods. Apply statistical methods to estimate future manufacturing requirements and potential. Instruct cross-functional teams in adapting to and understanding improvement processes, facilitating Kaizen and Rapid Improvement Events (RIEs). Coordinate Special Build activities between Engineering and Manufacturing. Lead and/or participate as a member of cross-functional Teams. Build and maintain databases. Design test hardware and determining methods, procedures, and conditions for testing products. Interpret customer needs and requirements, translate concepts into practice, identify process improvement opportunities, and quantify results and trends. Partner with design engineering during prototype, piloting, final product and tooling design reviews to ensure manufacturability, quality, and reliability. Conduct time and efficiency studies and develops improved processes based on findings. Implement Lean concepts such as 5S, Kaizen and value stream mapping in order to improve performance in safety, quality, cost and delivery . Coordinate and/or implement CO changes and deviation activities to flow through manufacturing (create and maintain track record). Conduct ergonomic evaluation of manufacturing processes to determine root causes and preventive measures ensuring corrective actions are taken due to incidents. Initiate actions to prevent the occurrence of any quality non-conformances related to product, process and systems. Perform Gauge R&R Measurement System Analysis for all equipment used for inspection and testing. Prepare, analyze and report factory metrics (test data, yield data, cycle-time data, etc…) on a monthly and quarterly basis. Continuous monitoring on facilities, machinery and safety equipment to identify and correct potential hazards, and to ensure safety regulation compliance. Participate in factory FRB meeting and drives for resolutions of big hitter problems. Participate in sub-system design reviews and evaluates the new product designs for manufacturability, quality, and reliability. Implement containment and corrective actions. Create assembly and test processes and procedures. Create Control Plans. Facilitate completion of prototype and pilot production units to meet schedule requirements. Evaluate and analyze data acquired during test using programs such as MS Excel, MS Access, JMP, and Lab View.
Job
Manufacturing/Production
Primary Location
CA-San Diego
Schedule
Full-time
Shift
Day Job
Unposting Date
Ongoing
Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Industrial Engineering or related technical field, and 6 years of professional experience, in the job offered or related capacity(ies). Alternatively accepting a Master’s degree in Manufacturing Engineering or related technical field, and 4 years of professional experience, in the job offered or related capacity(ies).
This position is eligible for Cymer, LLC’s Employee Referral Program benefit(s).
TO APPLY: Apply online at http://www.cymer.com/ and search by position. EOE.
