SC Johnson
Job title : Manufacturing Lead
Job location : Racine, WI, US


Employer name :
Job description :
Responsible for the leadership and end to end performance management of the assigned Contract Manufacturing (CM) portfolio. The scope of this role includes CM selection, onboarding (start-up and qualification), ongoing relationship and performance management (SRM), New Product Commercialization and Value Creation initiatives. This position requires strong personal initiative to identify opportunities and achieve business goals.
Primary Accountabilities
Develop and execute strategies for assigned relationships/portfolio that ensure delivery of business objectives including Safety/Health/Environment, Quality, Customer Service, Cost, and Cash.
Scope Includes
Establish, qualify and manage a CM supplier base for assigned portfolio that meets SCJ performance requirements leveraging the overall SCJ supply chain matrix.
oMatrix Leadership: Ensures seamless interface between SCJ functions and assigned CM’s to meet business objectives.
oSourcing: Support CM sourcing working closely with CM procurement in identifying CM’s to support SCJ business objectives and in contract negotiations to ensure commercial agreements deliver capability, capacity, and performance requirements.
oSelection: Determine leadership and technical capability, manufacturing feasibility, capacity, and estimated cost to support/influence make / buy decision. Lead CM selection with CM Manager for assigned portfolio or projects.
oStart-up and Commercialization: Lead start-up, commercialization and business onboarding process of new Contract Manufacturers.
oRelationship Management and Performance: Lead Supplier Relationship Management (SRM) process for assigned relationships to deliver the required capability, capacity, flexibility and performance to meet SCJ business objectives.
oInitiative Delivery: Deliver CM scope of New Product and Value Creation project demand across assigned network. Manage work streams associated with the delivery of required capability and capacity and start-up/commercialization.
Represent Contract Manufacturing in Regional Supply & Operation Planning Process to escalate long term capacity issues
Experience/Skills/Knowledge
Required Skills and Education:
Minimum of 5 years of experience in Product Supply (i.e. contract manufacturing, procurement, engineering, planning, quality, and/or logistics)
Previous Experience With Direct Manufacturing Leadership Preferred.
Leadership, sound judgment, and solid technical problem solving skills are essential.
Proven track record of achieving results in a cross functional environment.
Strong knowledge of production/process technologies like Lean, Six Sigma, Kaizen, OEE, TPM etc.
Project Management and/or New Product Commercialization Experience
Strong understanding of Total Cost of Ownership and how trade off decisions impact delivered cost. This requires sound understanding of cost drivers in supply chain management.
Competencies
 Courage
 Self-Development
 Dealing with Ambiguity
 Integrity and Trust
 Drive for Results
 Decision Quality
 Business Acumen
 Interpersonal Savvy
 Priority Setting
Education
 BS degree in Engineering, Supply Chain, Business, or relevant field
 MBA preferred
S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc. is an equal employment opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, status as a qualified individual with a disability, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, ancestry, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
