General Dynamics Mission Systems
Job title : Manufacturing Lead
Job location : Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN, US


Employer name :
Job description :
Bachelor's degree in Manufacturing or Industrial Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.
CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required.
General Dynamics Mission Systems has an immediate opening for a Manufacturing Project Engineer. This position provides an opportunity to further advance the cutting-edge technology that supports some of our nation’s core defense/intelligence services and systems. General Dynamics Mission Systems employees work closely with esteemed customers to develop solutions that allow them to carry out high-stakes national security missions.
This Manufacturing Project Engineer (MPE) will operate as a manufacturing focal point for the D5LE LMSSC program. This role reports organizationally into Manufacturing, but will report day to day in a strong matrix environment to the Senior Program Manager for the project. This position will coordinate manufacturing project/program activities through line functions of production and test to achieve production schedule, quality, and cost objectives by applying strong leadership, extensive technical expertise, and full knowledge of other related disciplines.
Experience with CIMA MRP system as well as space grade manufacturing operations preferred.
The Selected Candidate Will
REPRESENTATIVE DUTIES AND TASKS:
· Operate as the focal point for the program team on all manufacturing issues and as the customer interface for LMSSC CCA Build manufacturing activities.
· Lead cross-functional project teams focused on achieving cost, quality, and schedule goals for the program
· Provide leadership and actively participate in Control Account Manager (CAM) activities for the project. This includes:
· Development of manufacturing program baseline plans
· Monitoring who-charged reports to ensure compliance to work scope and proper time charging
· Development of monthly ETCs (Estimate To Complete) reports and semi-annual EAC (Estimate At Completion) reports
  Identify and maintain metrics for monthly status reports
  Drive resolution of internal and external constraints (technical, cost, and schedule)
  Collaborate with the Quality Assurance team and Program Quality Lead to review and resolve quality issues (MRB, TRB, etc.)
  Identify and manage manufacturing development and production risks
  Participate in manufacturing proposal efforts including manufacturing input and technical evaluation support
  Be the process owner for D5LE configuration management (CM) process for Missile or common customer ECR’s (engineering change reports), for technical review, cost/schedule impact, and ensuring implementation
  Be the process owner for change control board (CCB) process for level 4 documentation (manufacturing documantation) changes for D5LE and common documents used by D5LE
  Ensure programs are using and complying with the requirements of the GDMS common process framework, and tailored program requirements
  Travel may be required
  Using lean concepts acts as a project engineer to implement cost reduction efforts
  Works performed without appreciable direction
Knowledge Skills And Abilities
Ability to multi-task
Ability to think creatively
Experience with ERP/MRP system concepts
Contributes to the development of new theories and methods
Creative, Innovative Responsibilities Requiring Advanced Decision-making Skills
Determines methods and procedures on new assignments and will coordinate activities of other personnel
Exercises very strong judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results
Grasps and applies new information quickly
Having very strong experience, uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways
Will provide work direction to other employees
Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise
Shows initiative on assignments, exercises independent judgment
Skilled in communicating issues, impacts, and corrective actions
Very strong ability to clearly recognize and report information relevant to sound manufacturing engineering design
Very strong ability to convey and present information in a format appropriate to the audience
Very strong ability to handle more complex problems
Very strong use and understanding of manufacturing engineering concepts, principles, and theories
Very strong knowledge with manufacturing and engineering systems and applications
Very strong knowledge of other related disciplines
Very strong knowledge of Microsoft Office applications
Very strong understanding of basic project leadership principles including SPI/CPI, Earned Value, Cost Account Management (CAM), and Statistical Process Controls
Very strong written and verbal communications skills
Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors
PREFERRED DEGREE TYPES AND EXPERIENCE: Degrees focused in Electrical, Mechanical, or Materials preferred. Experience with CIMA MRP system as well as space grade manufacturing operations preferred.
General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 13,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team!
General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran
