Bausch + Lomb
Job title : Manufacturing Lead
Job location : Tampa, FL, US


Employer name :
Job description :
Job Title: Manufacturing Lead II
Pay Band: 39
Pay Rate: $18.05 - $25.28
Shift: 2ND
Hours: To Be Determined
The Manufacturing Lead II coordinates the production activities for filling and packaging lines, operates filling and packaging equipment, and receives direction from Team/Group Leader(s) on the production plan. This position requires Aseptic Gowning certification (where applicable), QC certification, ERPLx certification, Visual Inspection certification and Line Clearance/LOTO certification. Other duties include evaluating quality issues with the quality representative, assuming responsibility for the GMP, ISO, environmental health and safety procedure awareness and compliance within the respective areas, participating in improvements for material variance, quality indicators, and line efficiencies, and providing feedback to team/group leaders regarding associate performance and behaviors.
Specific Duties
· Assigns tasks for manufacturing operations and support associates. Coordinates and performs the set-up and changeover of manufacturing equipment. Verifies component readiness, line clearances, and product returns. Maintains equipment and line cleanliness and compliance (audits).
· Operates filling and packaging equipment for the manufacturing of drug product.
· Completes all documentation accurately (review batch records/ERPLx transactions).
· Performs initial and ongoing training and development of associates.
· Accountable for the operations occurring in the line(s) assigned.
Education: High School Diploma/GED required or BA/S preferred.
Experience: 3 to 7 years in pharmaceutical/FDA regulated facility or related field; experience in leadership positions preferred. Previous filling and packaging manufacturing experience required.
Special Skills: Leadership experience preferred. Basic math skills, detail oriented, excellent communication skills and demonstrated leadership ability. Ability to effectively work with different department supervisors. Ability to operate manufacturing equipment. Strong knowledge of the manufacturing process as well as manufacturing performance and financial attributes such as material variance, yield, and efficiencies.
#KBL
Education: High School Diploma/GED required or BA/S preferred.
Experience: 3 to 7 years in pharmaceutical/FDA regulated facility or related field; experience in leadership positions preferred. Previous filling and packaging manufacturing experience required.
Special Skills: Leadership experience preferred. Basic math skills, detail oriented, excellent communication skills and demonstrated leadership ability. Ability to effectively work with different department supervisors. Ability to operate manufacturing equipment. Strong knowledge of the manufacturing process as well as manufacturing performance and financial attributes such as material variance, yield, and efficiencies.
#KBL
