L'Oréal
Job title : Manufacturing Lead
Job location : New York City, NY, US


Employer name :
Job description :
GLOBAL PROGRAM LEAD
L’Oréal’s Technology Incubator is creating a new role for a Global Program Lead.
Who We Are
Designed as a startup within the Research & Innovation division, L’Oréal’s Technology Incubator is dedicated to meeting the needs of consumers through disruptive innovation. The team partners with entrepreneurs, academic institutions and experts across disciplines to advance research and launch first-to-market technologies.
Launched in 2012, L’Oréal’s Technology Incubator is a global team that includes physicists, engineers, UX and hardware designers, and data scientists. Together we’ve launched My UV Patch, Kérastase Hair Coach Powered by Withings, Makeup Genius and Le Teint Particulier.
Our focus is on innovation, development and advancement of hardware and software focused on personalization, augmented reality, wearables and machine learning.
What We’re Looking For
If your background is in product design, engineering or chemistry, we want to talk to you about your experience and your vision for the future of product development. A strong background in project management, technical development and user experience design is needed, preferably within marketing, consumer product good development and/or the cosmetics industry. Ideally you’ve successfully launched a product, while being involved with every stage of the product lifecycle.
Other technical, scientific, mathematical or excellent digital candidates could be considered. What we’re focused on are the skills to manage complex project environments, coordinate diverse stakeholders, hold a high level vision for product concept and strategy, understand connectivity and IT systems and manage vendor relationships.
What We’ll Do Together
The Global Program Lead will head development of a L’Oréal Technology Incubator innovation project to create a new business unit for L’Oréal. The project will involve the creation of a new product formulation in an innovative format, targeted hardware and infrastructure developments, a custom digital application supported by an integrated cloud ecosystem, and a new retail model to be incorporated into L’Oréal’s operational and consumer environment. The Global Program Lead will be responsible for overseeing all areas of development from concept, to prototype, to integration and launch.
Role Responsibilities
· Responsible for overseeing all aspects of product development, including: hardware design and prototyping, application design and development, IT and connectivity, cosmetic formulation, packaging and manufacturing.
· Lead development of hardware prototypes from creating functional specifications, guiding engineering designs, and testing in the overall project ecosystem.
· Coordination of all internal development stakeholders: Regulatory, Claims, Legal, Evaluation, Testing, Operations .
· Responsible for creation of and adherence to project timelines for both development and launch.
· Create regular project status updates, presentations to management, and organize product demonstrations. Communicate project vision and goals to internal and external teams.
· Own relationship with all external agencies including design, engineering, and coding firms.
· Be the liaison between the technical development teams and brand marketing teams – responsible for assessing brand requirements for product positioning, design, and functionality, and translate requirements into executable development tasks.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.
