Knapheide
Job title : Manufacturing Lead
Job location : Charleston, South Carolina Area


Employer name :
Job description :
Knapheide Truck Equipment Company Job Description
Job Title: Mercedes Program Coordinator
Reports to: Charleston General Manager
Pay Range: Commensurate with skill and ability
General Description:
The Mercedes Program Coordinator will oversee the coordination and administration of all aspects of the Mercedes Master Solutions program including planning, organizing, leading and controlling program activities.
Position Expectation Statements:
This position is expected to identify and communicate status of orders with Mercedes Dealers and with Mercedes Benz corporate on a general basis, key metrics such as on time delivery, product support issues and technical issues as they arise. In addition, this position would provide guidance and suggestions on improving order fulfillment processes and importantly be the voice of the customer with regard to responsiveness, on time delivery and quality improvements.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
1. Plan and execute the delivery of the overall program and its activities in accordance with the mission and goals of the organization.
2. Must be able to quickly learn business software and be able to easily navigate it to answer or address customer questions and develop reports for customers and Knapheide Managers and employees.
3. Serve as key contact for Mercedes dealers.
4. Develop new initiatives to support process and IT improvements.
5. Measure and communicate results for manufacturing lead-time, on time delivery, quoting responsiveness, timeliness of order entry and quality metrics. Develop forms and records to document program activities
6. Oversee the collection and maintenance of records for each Mercedes dealer.
7. Communicate daily with dealers and Mercedes staff to maintain a strong working relationship between the two companies.
8. Work in conjunction with other managers within the Knapheide Manufacturing and KTEC organizations to ensure on time delivery of vehicles.
9. Meeting facilitator for customers and internal departments.
10. Report management including chassis status, up-fitter portal status, and order status for customers.
11. Create proposals for product solutions for new business opportunities.
12. Set up and maintain a database of specified items that can be used for quotations to the customer.
13. Indirect coordination with internal teams.
14. Positive attitude and willing to learn.
Preferred Training and Experience:
1. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customers
2. Excellent computer proficiency (MS Office – Word, Excel and Outlook)
3. Must be able to work under pressure and meet deadlines, while maintaining a positive attitude and providing exemplary customer service
4. Ability to work independently and to carry out assignments to completion within parameters of instructions given, prescribed routines, and standard accepted practices
5. Project Management experience.
EOE of Minorities/Females/Vets/Disability.
