Production Modeling Corporation (PMC)
Job title : Manufacturing Lead
Job location : Golden, CO, US


Employer name :
Job description :
Responsibilities
Effective testing, reporting, repairing and updating of all test vehicles in regards of body and acoustic in a timely manner to ensure no delays for SOP as well as no tow-ins and no unknown field complaints
Perform on site technical analysis on reported VW, Audi and other Konzern-Brand test vehicles, parts and components and determine the root cause of quality and design issues, validate driver complains and provide a full technical understanding regarding costumer/driver complaints to support the development countermeasures
Develop and maintain fast and efficient communication flow with Audi AG.
Support Audi at test drives and similar programs in cooperation with Audi AG and I/EG-73x and "EG-73 AUDI NAR Test Fleet"
Qualifications
Engineering Degree and 7-10 years related experience
Familiarity with development testing and diagnostics equipment used by Audi AG Engineering
Familiarity with acoustic application and developmentResponsibilities
Effective testing, reporting, repairing and updating of all test vehicles in regards of body and acoustic in a timely manner to ensure no delays for SOP as well as no tow-ins and no unknown field complaints
Perform on site technical analysis on reported VW, Audi and other Konzern-Brand test vehicles, parts and components and determine the root cause of quality and design issues, validate driver complains and provide a full technical understanding regarding costumer/driver complaints to support the development countermeasures
Develop and maintain fast and efficient communication flow with Audi AG.
Support Audi at test drives and similar programs in cooperation with Audi AG and I/EG-73x and "EG-73 AUDI NAR Test Fleet"
For over 35 years, PMC has been a leading provider of digital manufacturing, engineering, supply chain, and operations productivity solutions. Our data-driven productivity solutions help customers shorten product development and manufacturing lead time, increase quality and throughput, and improve their return on capacity and technology investments (ROI).
Our solutions are targeted primarily for automotive, aerospace and defense, AEC (Architecture, Engineering, & Construction), healthcare, and industrial manufacturing.
We sell software products from leading suppliers of design, PLM, scheduling, simulation, and supply chain planning.
Our Services Include
Consulting
Training and Education
Assessment and Roadmap
Implementation and Support
Technical Staffing Solutions
PMC joins forces with you to complement your business know-how with our expertise. We work closely with you in a spirit of partnership and cooperation. This team approach ensures the validity of every service we provide. You'll find that our assistance reaches from planning to implementation and right through to post-project support. We earn your trust. Then we keep it.
