Cognizant
Job title : Manufacturing Lead
Job location : Chicago, IL, US


Employer name :
Job description :
Summary
We have an exciting opportunity for a Strategic Deals Leader to “quarterback” 100M+ dollar deals involving complex multiple tower solutions.
Job Description And Targeted Clients
The person who is ultimately selected for this role will have responsibility to drive Mega Deals within our Strategic Sales practice. This person should be very comfortable in articulating win themes and value propositions that position Cognizant favorably with its Manufacturing/Logistics customers. Ideally, we would like to have a person in this role that would be able to work as a specialist in the area of deal making, schedule effectively to work on multiple deals and adept in working with different teams. Finally we would like this person to add value to our robust knowledge by capturing best practices and challenges from the deals that one has been a part of.
Knowledge And Experience Required
Must have deep knowledge of complexities of mega deals and have “quarterbacked” multiple deals involving multiple solution towers in excess of $50M dollars.
Must also possess demonstrable ability to handle intricacies of mega deals from pricing models to solutioning to closing the deal.
Top Reasons To Join Our Team
· Excellent compensation/benefits. A strong financial incentive package that includes a solid base salary with a highly attractive commissions plan. Further incentives include award programs, club trips, and excellent benefits package.
· Wide exposure to industry, product and functional best practices; as well as world-class teams supporting your sales pursuits.
· Supportive management team that rewards initiative & success.
· Exciting, industry leading practice where you can truly build a long-term career.
· Congenial, collaborative, and success-oriented culture; the opportunity to work with and learn from a diverse, highly experienced team of business professionals.
· Tremendous opportunities for growth with a real career path promoting career advancement.
A Good Fit For The Cognizant Culture
A person who possesses a true passion for changing organizations for the better, and desires to do so within a success-oriented, yet professional atmosphere filled with business professionals who all manifest a belief in partnership, innovation, and excellence. Our “ Cultural Value Drivers” are well-known and clearly communicated within the organization: Open, Transparent, Driven, Empowered, Opportunity-Filled, Flexible & Collaborative.
Job
Application Development / Application Maintenance
Primary Location
United States-Illinois-Chicago - IL USA, COG
Employee Status
Permanent
Schedule
Full-time
Job Type
Standard
Job Level
Individual Contributor
Shift
Day Job
Travel
No
Job Posting
Mar 22, 2017, 10:58:42 AM
Domain
Sales
Organization
IT Services - United States
About Cognizant
Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.), Cognizant combines a passion for client satisfaction, technology innovation, deep industry and business process expertise, and a global, collaborative workforce that embodies the future of work. With over 50 development and delivery centers worldwide and approximately 255,800 employees as of September 30, 2016, Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 2000 and the Fortune 500 and is ranked among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world. Visit us online at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant.
