Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc.
Job title : Manufacturing Lead
Job location : Newport News, VA, US


Employer name :
Job description :
Internal Job Description
This position will be assigned to the OHIO Replacement (OR) Program Estimating group. This is a great opportunity to get involved in the early stages of the next class of ballistic missile submarines, to be a key contributor as the program matures, and to develop subject matter expertise in the OR Program.
This position will have opportunities to estimate the costs associated with manufacturing the lead ship of the OR Program; provide cost analysis support for the OR Design/Build teams; influence program decisions by participating in make/buy analysis; perform detailed estimating of components and modules; review contract performance; influence OR charging practices; develop proposals and support negotiations that may directly influence the profitability of the company.
The Successful Candidate Will
· Be able to effectively communicate in writing
· Be comfortable working independently and in a group setting
· Be willing to learn new concepts and resolve complex issues
· Be knowledgeable of NNS manufacturing, construction, and/or material procurement practices
· Build and maintain working relationships with internal/external customers
· 
Estimates labor and material costs of manufacturing and engineering based on request for proposal (RFP) data submitted by prospective customers. Analyzes specifications, including sketches, blueprints, bills of material, or sample layouts, and calculates production costs using labor and material pricing schedules and historical data. Collects cost data from functional representatives, subcontractors, and vendors. Computes cost estimates of raw materials or subcontracted work and labor. Prepares and maintains historical cost data. Creates cost models for cost estimating elements. Prepares cost reports and presents findings to management, contract personnel, proposal coordinators, customer representatives, price auditors, vendors, and subcontractors.
US Citizenship Required For This Position
Yes
Relocation Assistance
No relocation assistance available
Clearance Type
Confidential
Minimum Education
Other
Shift
1st
Schedule
Full-time
Travel
Yes, 25% of the time
Basic Qualifications
Bachelors degree; NNS Apprentice School graduate with 3-4 years relevant experience
Preferred Qualifications
· Microsoft Excel experience is required
· Apprentice School graduate
· Structural or Mechanical trade experiences is a plus
Company Statement
Huntington Ingalls Industries is America’s largest military shipbuilding company and a provider of professional services to partners in government and industry. For more than a century, HII’s Newport News and Ingalls shipbuilding divisions in Virginia and Mississippi have built more ships in more ship classes than any other U.S. naval shipbuilder. HII’s Technical Solutions division provides a wide range of professional services through its Fleet Support, Integrated Missions Solutions, Nuclear and Environmental, and Oil and Gas groups. Headquartered in Newport News, Virginia, HII employs nearly 37,000 people operating both domestically and internationally.
EEO Statement
Equal Opportunity Employer - Veterans/Disabled Welcome. U.S. citizenship required for most positions.
