American Red Cross
Job title: Humanitarian 
Job location: Little Rock, AR, US
Job description: 
As one of the nation’s premier humanitarian organizations, the American Red Cross is dedicated to helping people in need throughout the United States and, in association with other Red Cross networks, throughout the world. We depend on the many generous contributions of time, blood, and money from the American public to support our lifesaving services and programs. If you share our passion for helping people, join us in this excellent career opportunity.
Responsibilities
· VOLUNTEER DEVELOPMENT (45% of role): Recruits, engages, develops and empowers local volunteer leaders to help achieve mission metrics or mission support responsibilities in both home market and across Chapter. Provides leadership and ensures a culture of inclusion.
· FUNDRAISING (20%): Supports fundraising efforts through the following: manages local United Way relationships as appropriate; manages select local major donors; and manages the Board of Directors, including annual Board contributions. Ensures Board of Directors serves as active fundraisers. Cultivates and nurtures major donors to include individual, corporate or foundations as appropriate.
· RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT (20%): Enhances community presence – builds/gains or rebuilds/regains presence in defined home market. Serves as Face of Red Cross in defined home market including managing key local media partners. Cultivates, manages and stewards external partner relationships to help create and maintain connectedness within defined community including elected officials and key governmental partners. Cultivates, manages and stewards other key community stakeholders as appropriate, especially those that bridge to volunteer partners and engagement (example: faith-based; colleges/universities, civic, NGOs/NPOs and organizations reflective of community).
· MANAGE BOARD OF DIRECTORS (15%): Recruits, engages and stewards local Board of Directors. Manage annual Board Campaign, ensuring 100% participation. Supports as needed the efforts of other community boards that may exist within the chapter’s jurisdiction.
· OTHER: Influences and creates an environment of team and inclusion to effectively deliver against the Red Cross mission.
· Population served in the assigned Chapter will be under 500K.
Competencies
· Organizational Agility – knowledgeable about how organizations work; knows how to get things done both through formal channels and informal network; understands the origin and reasoning behind key policies, practices and procedures; understands the cultures of organizations
· Deal with Ambiguity – can effectively cope with change; can shift gears comfortably; can decide and act without have the total picture; isn’t upset when things are in the air; doesn’t have to finish things before moving on; can comfortably hand risk and uncertainty
· Manage Complexity – can effectively deliver results in complex environments incorporating factors such as a large geographic area, high disaster risk, major media, multiple government or political entities, large fundraising goals and a diverse community populations
· Interpersonal Savvy – relates well to all kinds of people – up, down and sideways; inside and outside the organization; builds appropriate support; builds constructive and effective relationships; uses diplomacy and tact; can defuse even high tension situations comfortably
· Professionalism and Integrity – evaluates lessons learned from both success and failures; demonstrates willingness to make commitments based on information known at the time; delivers on commitments; models a ‘can-do’ attitude and takes initiative; is a self-starter; inspires and motivates others to do the same. Embraces rather than resists additional responsibilities. Adheres to enterprise policies; acts with integrity; settles rather than creates conflict
· Manage Vision and Purpose – communicates a compelling and inspired vision or sense of core purpose; talks beyond today; talks about possibilities; is optimistic; creates mileposts and symbols to rally support behind the vision; makes the vision sharable by everyone; can inspire and motivate units or organizations
Essential Functions/Physical Requirements
Depending on work assignment, may require ordinary ambulatory skills sufficient to visit other locations; or the ability to stand, walk and manipulate (lift, carry, move) light to medium weights of up to 20 pounds. Requires good hand-eye coordination, arm, hand and finger dexterity, including ability to grasp, and visual acuity to use a keyboard, operate equipment and read technical information. Overall mobility is essential. May include sitting for long periods of time, driving a vehicle and working under challenging conditions.
Work Conditions
Work is performed indoors with some potential for exposure to safety and health hazards related to emergency services relief work. May travel and participate in meetings and conferences throughout chapter jurisdiction, state and Red Cross system. Because the Red Cross is a disaster response organization, staff may be asked to be on 24-hour call during period of major disaster.
Qualifications
Education: Four year college degree (BS/BA) in Business, Communications, Marketing, Public Relations, Finance or non-profit administration or equivalent experience required. Prefer Master’s degree in the field of community organization, public or business administration or non-profit management.
Experience
Minimum of 3 years related experience. Demonstrated ability to exercise good and timely judgment in complex situations. Demonstrated ability for strong communications and influencing skills along with public speaking and writing. Demonstrated ability to develop and implement fundraising strategies. Demonstrated ability to build sustain community relationships/partnerships Proven experience in influencing others and building relationships.
Management Experience
Minimum 1 year related management/supervisory experience. Experience working in an environment requiring flexibility and managing change.
Other: Proficient with MS Office software, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook. Familiarity with federal state and local employment laws.
Travel
May involve travel.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required.
The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day.
The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply.
To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of Rights
Posted 30+ Days Ago Full time RC5995
As one of the nation’s premier humanitarian organizations, the American Red Cross is dedicated to helping people in need throughout the United States and, in association with other Red Cross networks, throughout the world. We depend on the many generous contributions of time, blood, and money from the American public to support our lifesaving services and programs.
At the American Red Cross, you will enjoy a collaborative work culture committed to the diversity of our people, programs, and services. We need people who want to contribute their individual talents to help their neighbors locally, across the country, and around the world. Whether you’re a recent graduate or an experienced professional, if you share our passion for helping people, join us in for a rewarding and challenging career opportunity that support our mission.
