American Red Cross

Job title: Humanitarian 
Job location: Las Vegas, NV, US
Job description: 
Account Representative - Community Blood Drives
Las Vegas, NV Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network?
Responsibilities
Job Description:
· Identify, develop and implement creative strategies to attract, manage and retain potential blood drive Sponsors and feeder groups for existing blood drives to meet monthly, quarterly, and annual collection goals.
· Identify and apply appropriate methods to ensure efficient scheduling of blood drives by assigned Sponsors to meet blood collection goals.
· Provide sufficient organizational and operational support to sponsor contact to ensure achievement of collection operation and annual goals.
· Schedule and implement education programs for Sponsor contact, recruitment committees, line volunteers and volunteer telerecruiters within assigned groups to assist in meeting collection objectives and to comply with all ARCBS directives, Code of Federal Regulations, local operating procedures and other related regulatory requirements.
· Develop a working knowledge of the community, its government, demographics and organizations.Apply that knowledge to all aspects of servicing Sponsor groups and the expansion of the blood program.
· Coordinate activities with appropriate collections personnel to ensure a positive Sponsor and donor experience and smooth, efficient operations.
· Maintain accurate records in Hemasphere to provide tracking and statistical data on Sponsor group performance.
· Appropriately utilize tools, technology and strategy provided by the organization to enhance customer service, efficiency and productivity.
· Perform other related duties as necessary.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed.They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required.
Scope: Entry level position to the department, with one year close oversight and supervision.Actions and decisions are based on precedent, organizational need and good judgment.
Responsible for recruitment of annual allogeneic blood collections specialized donor segments to meet organizational need.Lead and evaluate the work of drive operational volunteers within assigned groups/chapters.
Qualifications: Education:Bachelor's degree in marketing, sales, communications or related field; or an equivalent combination of related education and experience required.
Experience:Minimum one year related experience required.
Skills and Abilities:Knowledge of group dynamics, direct sales, customer maintenance techniques, negotiation skills, and the ability to effectively implement programs is preferred. Good organizational skills and the ability to handle multiple priorities effectively are required. Good oral and written communications skills, including training and presentation skills is required. A current valid driver's license and good driving record is required.
Essential Functions/Physical Requirements: The duties above indicate the essential functions of the position.Operational flexibility is required to meet sudden and unpredictable needs.May be required to travel to sites throughout the Red Cross organization.
May require the ability to stand, walk and manipulate (lift, carry, move) light to medium weights of up to 20 pounds. May include sitting for long periods of time and working under challenging conditions.
Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day.
The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply.
To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of Rights
Posted 22 Days Ago Full time RC6331
As one of the nation’s premier humanitarian organizations, the American Red Cross is dedicated to helping people in need throughout the United States and, in association with other Red Cross networks, throughout the world. We depend on the many generous contributions of time, blood, and money from the American public to support our lifesaving services and programs.
At the American Red Cross, you will enjoy a collaborative work culture committed to the diversity of our people, programs, and services. We need people who want to contribute their individual talents to help their neighbors locally, across the country, and around the world. Whether you’re a recent graduate or an experienced professional, if you share our passion for helping people, join us in for a rewarding and challenging career opportunity that support our mission.

