The primary role of NPI Operations Program Manager is to be an integral part of Oculus’ new product development process. This individual will represent Operations on the company-wide, cross-functional NPI teams from Concept through PVT and into early mass production. He/she will be responsible for integrating the efforts of Operations Sourcing Managers, Supply Planners, Manufacturing Engineers, Test Engineers, Supply Base Engineers, Quality Engineers, Reliability Engineers, Logistics, Customer Service Representatives and Sales Operations personnel into the NPI process.
Responsibilities
Lead CM/JDM operations team in planning and executing development builds and new product ramp.
Drive ramp readiness with engineering, operations and CM/JDM teams - includes capacity planning and managing multi-million dollar factory equipment budget.
Influence product manufacturability, testability, serviceability, reliability, flexibility and cost effectiveness by coordinating highly cross functional Oculus operations, engineering and CM/JDM teams during early development and ramp.
Drive cost avoidance programs through value engineering, manufacturing process improvement and yield enhancement programs.
Work with Oculus Logistics to ensure our Third Party Logistics (3PL) outbound and reverse logistics processes are qualified on each new product introduction.
Work with Supply Planning, Manufacturing Engineering and Supply Base Engineering to ensure capacity is in place to support new product ramp plans.
Work with Customer Service and Sales Ops to ensure our customer facing operations are debugged and ready to support first customer ship on new product introductions.
Develop and implement NPI Operations Program Management tools (Gantt charts, critical path analyses, action item lists, etc.) to keep the efforts of Operations personnel integrated and on schedule.
Institute communications vehicles (eg: management reviews, status reports, etc.) to keep Operations management abreast of new product introduction progress and risks.
Minimum Qualification
Bachelors degree in IE, EE, ME, or equivalent work experience.
5+ years work experience in new product development, program management, operations management, or related disciplines.
Project management, communication and teamwork skills.
Leadership experience required.
Knowledge in implementing DFX programs.
Ability to operate in dynamic, fast-paced environment with minimal supervision.
Ability to travel up to 25-30%.
Preferred Qualification
Masters degree
