American Red Cross

Job title: Humanitarian 
Job location: Atlanta, GA, US
Job description: 
Regional Marketing Program Manager
Atlanta, GA Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network?
Job Description
The American Red Cross exists to provide compassionate care to those in need. Our network of generous donors, volunteers and employees share a mission of preventing and relieving suffering, here at home and around the world, through five key service areas: Disaster Relief, supporting America’s military community, lifesaving blood services, international services and Health & Safety Services.
The American Red Cross of Georgia has an exciting opportunity available for a Regional Marketing Program Manager in Atlanta. This is a full-time position that will involve occasional travel throughout the state, and working outside of normal business hours, as needed.
Job Summary
The Regional Marketing Program Manager is a critical component of the American Red Cross regional team and infrastructure. It is responsible for carrying out marketing functions within one of the largest “Top 10 Markets” in the country. The Regional Marketing Program Manager drives successful programs and services offered in the Georgia region. In this role, you will work to raise the visibility of the Red Cross, to help communities understand how to access Red Cross services, and support revenue generation across all parts of the region. This position works in close collaboration with divisional field marketing and the regional communications team. It provides marketing and communications support for Fundraising, Disaster Cycle Services, Services to the Armed Forces, Health and Safety Services, Volunteer Services and management staff in Georgia.
Responsibilities include: Business development and marketing, project planning and technical support, service delivery, logistics coordination and regulatory compliance/quality assurance, strategy, marketing content, branding, website coordination and overall marketing management for the region.
Minimum Qualifications
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Communications, Public Relations, Journalism or related field required.
Experience: Qualified candidates must have a minimum of 5 years marketing experience. We are looking for someone with a working knowledge across a broad spectrum of marketing functions, including branding, creative marketing, direct mail and e-mail marketing, web-based services and mobile applications. Experience with marketing during major national and international disasters would ideal. Must be comfortable using Adobe Brand Central, website updating tools and other marketing tools. Candidates must also have outstanding communication skills (oral and written), proactive planning skills, strong teamwork and collaboration skills. It is also imperative that this Marketing Program Manager demonstrates strong commitment and passion for mission of American Red Cross.
Management Experience: Candidates must have at minimum 3 years of staff management experience, to include the demonstrated ability to work effectively and persuasively with marketing partners and regional leadership team.
Travel: This position will require regional travel up to 25%, so candidates must have a valid Driver’s License and clean driving record.
Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day.
The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply.
To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of Rights
Posted 30 Days Ago Full time RC6001
As one of the nation’s premier humanitarian organizations, the American Red Cross is dedicated to helping people in need throughout the United States and, in association with other Red Cross networks, throughout the world. We depend on the many generous contributions of time, blood, and money from the American public to support our lifesaving services and programs.
At the American Red Cross, you will enjoy a collaborative work culture committed to the diversity of our people, programs, and services. We need people who want to contribute their individual talents to help their neighbors locally, across the country, and around the world. Whether you’re a recent graduate or an experienced professional, if you share our passion for helping people, join us in for a rewarding and challenging career opportunity that support our mission.

