MedWish International 

Job title: Humanitarian 
Job location: Cleveland County, OK, US
Job description: 
Overview: MedWish International is a not-for-profit organization committed to repurposing medical supplies and equipment discarded by the healthcare industry with the objectives of providing humanitarian aid in developing countries to save lives and reducing waste to save our environment. The internship program allows individuals to pursue their interests professionally while utilizing their talents for the benefit of MedWishs mission.
Objectives
To help the Humanitarian Aid Specialist pull, organize, and send medical supplies for orders
To sort donations for use as humanitarian aid
To offer the intern an opportunity to experience a non-profit organization
To stimulate interest in the field of international public health
Duration: 10-12 weeks (June/July/August) Tues-Friday, 10-20 hours per week (arranged with staff supervisor)
Responsibilities
The internship will consist of several components, with simultaneous interns rotating between projects. Various projects, experiences and responsibilities can include but are not limited to:
i. Packing supplies for outgoing hand carried orders, containers and brigades
ii. Assisting recipients who come to MedWish to “shop” for their own supplies
iii. Sorting incoming donations and “stocking”/maintaining supply bins
iv. Digitalizing paper recipient records
v. Creating and maintaining a database of international shipping regulations by country
vi. Assigning tariff codes to existing product codes in MedWish’s computerized inventory system
vii. Assistance in the creation of a participant orientation program, to be used by MedWish’s Humanitarian Aid and Alternative Recycling Program Coordinator for all future Brigade trips
viii. Presenting “lunch and learn” seminars to staff and other stakeholders about various topics such as the health disparities in some of the countries we serve; the economic and environmental impact of some of our programs; and the identification, uses and maintenance of various equipment and supply donations we receive; as well as a final presentation on projects worked on, insights gained and impact felt by intern and stakeholders
ix. Gathering and producing content to be used in several social media platforms
x. Other projects as required, requested or assigned by intern or staff supervisor
Requirements
Expectations of the Intern
· Reliability. Set and abide by schedule, notifying staff supervisor when unable to come in
· Curiosity. Look for what interests the intern, asking questions when necessary
· Focus. Return to the agreed upon objectives and endeavor to complete as much as possible
· Flexibility. Accept the unpredictability and changes that are inherent in all work and particularly apparent in the medical surplus recovery industry

