We are a health-tech company on a mission to activate the best health outcome possible for every person in the world. We solve hard problems - healthcare is a fragmented industry and we’re transforming it by creating an ecosystem through our technology platform that brings together all the players to collectively improve patient outcomes. Our team is entrepreneurial and thrives in ambiguity with a strong commitment to scrappy excellence to drive patient impact. We empower every Outcome Activator to own their decisions and outcomes in service to the mission, while also contributing to a collaborative environment that’s communally competitive.
With hubs in Chicago and NYC, we've been growing 100% YoY and will impact half a billion patient visits in 2017, as physicians, life science companies and patients adopt our technology platform to make better health decisions during the most critical moments of care. With 200,000 physicians already utilizing our portfolio of 5 products at their practices, we continue to bring a fresh outlook to our pursuits with humble invincibility, whether you’re a new addition or have been hustling with us since the beginning.
Join our family to activate good in the world.
Who Are You
You are a highly focused and organized operations manager experienced in scaling processes and owning departmental growth and development. You’ll work closely with our internal departments, external content partners, and hospital clients to deliver content that will drive impact and action. As a leader for our content distribution operations, it’s essential that you serve your team to drive every step of the process forward - with a focus on improving, testing and executing on the mission of running our proprietary platform.
You have a passion for process optimization and team development and thrive in a culture of innovation. Experience working with sales and account management teams to cultivate a national and local content distribution strategy with a focus on automation is a huge plus. You understand that media delivered at the right place and right time can be used to serve a greater purpose and you’re comfortable taking operational ownership of this responsibility.
Qualifications
5-7 years of leadership experience, including people management
Knowledge of content management systems
Ability to excel with the ambiguity and uncertainty of a hyper-growth company while demonstrating strong judgement and adaptability
Ability to build relationships through strong communication and presentation skills
Basic knowledge of health specialties, chronic conditions and diseases is a plus
