The Business Strategy and Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives.
The Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) Channel Sales team focuses on building and managing long-term relationships with our channel partners. Our partners are a diverse group of businesses through whom we empower millions of small and medium-sized businesses with Google’s AdWords and other Google technologies.
As a Sales Strategy and Operations Manager, you will be responsible for growing the Channel Sales business through identifying key business drivers and opportunities, and working with cross-functional counterparts to grow these opportunities. Additionally, you will drive operational improvements in the areas of process, workflow, communication and strategic planning.
When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused team members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of small- and medium-sized businesses. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for every type of small business.
Responsibilities
Lead analytical deep-dives to understand business drivers and opportunities for improvement.
Lead and collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop solutions that cultivate and result in new business opportunities based on analytical insights.
Identify and implement metrics and reporting tools to measure business results and success.
Lead quarterly planning and cross-functional engagement, and drive improvements in process and reporting infrastructure.
Present results of analyses directly to senior executives through high-quality presentations.
Qualifications
Minimum qualifications:
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.
10 years of work experience.
4 years of experience in a data analytics related role (strategic planning, management consulting or analysis).
Experience with data modeling.
Preferred Qualifications
MBA, Master’s degree or PhD.
Experience in a management consulting company or bank, with relevant work experience.
Project management experience.
Self-directed individual, with the ability to thrive in an unstructured environment; comfortable dealing with ambiguity.
Effective communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to present to executives and communicate with diverse stakeholders.
