The Sr. Sales Operations Manager (SOM) manages support functions essential to the productivity of our growing sales force. These include planning, reporting, sales process optimization, sales CRM system and program design and implementation, and more. We’re looking for someone to lay the groundwork for our rapid expansion and development of a world-class go to market team.
At Vera, the SOM will hold responsibility for the overall productivity and effectiveness of the sales organization. Reporting to the Vice President of Worldwide Sales, the SOM will also work closely with internal and external stakeholders to ensure the appropriate objectives and priorities are enabled within the sales organization.
Where you’ll contribute to our success
Coordinate sales forecasting, planning, and budgeting processes used within the sales organization. Proactively monitor and maintain high levels of quality, accuracy, documentation, and process consistency.
Proactively identify opportunities for sales process improvement. Work closely with sales management to inspect sales process quality and prioritize opportunities for continuous process improvement.
Monitor the accuracy and efficient distribution of sales reports and other intelligence essential to the sales organization. Recommend revisions to existing reports, and assists in the development of new reporting tools as needed.
Manage and enhance Salesforce CRM. Monitor the compliance with required standards for maintaining CRM data. Work closely with sales management to optimize the effectiveness of the firm’s sales technology investments. Serve as a subject matter expert on our technical sales ecosystem.
How will I be measured?
Sales Operations Manager, You Will Be
We strongly believe in accountability and ownership of key metrics, across the organization. As Sr.
Accountable for the thorough implementation of sales organization-impacting initiatives, from territory implementation, process description, and efficiency
Responsible for the efficient allocation of technology, support, and training resources to positively impact the sales organization.
The owner of accurate and on-time reporting, essential for sales organization effectiveness.
Qualifications
What you bring to the table
You’re organized, with a strong business acumen, and love finding new ways to solve complex problems.
Initiative? You take it, and can work both independently and across teams to achieve established goals
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, high-growth SaaS business; knowledge and comfort with SaaS data analytics.
A high degree of flexibility, extremely organized, and detail oriented. Ability to multi-task, prioritize a variety of tasks and meet deadlines. Attention to detail and follow-through is essential.
Additional Information
