A successful candidate will be a detail oriented self-starter who enjoys working in a fast-paced organization with users from all levels of the company. You should have working knowledge of deal cycles, complex software deal structures, order fulfillment as well as be able to provide sound business insight for building operational excellence.
The Sales Operations group is focused in enabling Sales and we are passionate about helping the sales organization be more strategic and efficient. We are a group that values respect and humility and are always willing to pitch in to help other members of the team. We are looking for someone who shares the same passion in Sales Operations, enjoys working closely with Sales, is hungry for challenges and possesses the emotional smarts to also tackle the day-to-day function of the role.
Responsibilities:
Manage a team of Deal Support and Order Administration specialists.
Oversee all aspects of deal approvals, deal configuration/structure, pricing, quote creation, purchase agreement reviews, order fulfillment.
Provide guidance and assist with deal structuring, pricing, determining relevant contracting vehicle, non-standard order terms, etc.
Ensure deals are structured and processed efficiently and align to company policies.
Work closely with Sales, Professional Services, Legal, Accounting and Revenue Recognition teams on non-standard deals.
Documents standard operating processes.
Provide strategic guidance in streamlining departmental workflows.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to improve overall operations processes, including teams within Hitachi companies.
Assist Sales Operations team with process improvements, handle ad-hoc projects, sales training and other team enablement needs.
Qualifications:
BS/BA in Business, Finance, Sales & Marketing, or a related discipline.
Minimum 5 years of experience in an enterprise software company.
Minimum 2 years of experience relating to the management of Deal Desk and Order Administration functions.
Experience with Direct, Channel and Partner sales ecosystems.
Revenue recognition knowledge.
Experience with establishing and implementing best practices.
Highly proficient in MS Excel and MS PPT.
Experience with using Salesfore.com or similar CRMs.
Good understanding of data integrity within cross-functioning systems.
A high degree of flexibility, be extremely organized and detail oriented.
Ability to multi-task, prioritize a variety of tasks and meet deadlines.
Effective inter-personal, verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to make quick decision and sound judgement.
