Children Across America

Job title: Humanitarian
Job location: Milford, MA, US
Job description: 
CAA has a combination of medical and educational programming. Our main medical program and focus of our medical programming is Health Promotion in motion. This is a immunization and preventative healthcare initiative focused on making sure every child in America is immunized per CDC guidelines and in basic good health. Our main educational program is a literacy program for all children. We also focus on children K-5 grade that come from families that English is not their first language. Our CBC(childrens Book Club) goal is to raise the level of literacy in America's children. Our MAC Advantage Math Clubs are to help develop childrens basic math skills. We help all children but our main focus is the underserved population of America.
Children Across America is currently seeking a skilled, experienced and energetic professional with web site design and management experience to drive the growth of the organization and promote our goals.
Children Across America, a humanitarian organization, provides preventive healthcare and literacy support to under-served children in the United States. Its vision is to empower families and children in low-income communities. Its unique programs are focused on improving children’s literacy skills and drive educational excellence. We are a 501C3 non profit corporation registered in the State of Massachusetts.
Our organization partners with local healthcare advocates, pediatricians, hospitals, libraries and school systems to ensure children get the full benefit of its programs. If you have a passion to help Americas children succedd, come help us grow!
To learn more, please visit ChildrenAcrossAmerica.org.
Key Responsibilities
We have a website and a software platform, we need an experienced professional who can manage, make changes and offer suggestions to improve our website and make it more interactive.
Most importantly, we need someone with a passion to make a difference ina childs life. Please contact us today if you are serious about this opportunity.
This is a volunteer opportunity provided by VolunteerMatch, in partnership with LinkedIn for Good.
Desired Skills and Experience
This position requires the following skills: Website Project Management, Web Design, Youth Services, Math / Science Instruction, Literacy / Reading, Reading / Writing


