International Medical Crops

Job title: Humanitarian 
Job location: Washington, D.C., DC , US 
Job description: 
Position Summary & Responsibilities
International Medical Corps is a global, humanitarian, nonprofit organization dedicated to saving lives and relieving suffering through health care training and relief and development programs.
Established in 1984 by volunteer doctors and nurses, International Medical Corps is a private, voluntary, nonpolitical, nonsectarian organization. Its mission is to improve the quality of life through health interventions and related activities that build local capacity in underserved communities worldwide. By offering training and health care to local populations and medical assistance to people at highest risk, and with the flexibility for rapid response to emergencies. International Medical Corps rehabilitates devastated health care systems and helps bring them back to self-reliance.
Job Summary
The Director, Emergency Response Unit will lead the design and management of the Operational Plan for the Emergency Response Unit in both response and non-response activities. In partnership with senior leadership, the Director will inform emergency response related decision-making and provide recommendations for allocation of resources. He/She will provide supervision of the Emergency Response Unit personnel and will oversee direction of deployment of Emergency Response Teams to disaster areas and provide guidance and oversight of needs assessments, deployment team(s) and emergency program design. The Director is responsible for finalization and submittals of proposals for emergency funding and will build relationships with donor representatives and increase negotiations for potential partnerships. He/She will backstop other senior staff within the International Programs department and will participate in the department’s strategic planning and development processes. He/She will assist with the orientation for the new hire field managers and with monitoring and evaluation of field programs.
Essential Duties And Responsibilities
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential function with or without reasonable accommodation. Reports directly to the Vice President, International Programs and supervise the staff of the Emergency Response Unit.
Direct the process of updating, designing, developing and improving operational systems and tools necessary for efficient institutional emergency response management. Design a new Operational Plan for the Emergency Response Unit; to include: Guidelines and deployment procedures for Emergency Response Teams; Management procedures for the Emergency Management Unit; Operational plan for Headquarters departments while responding to disasters; and Surge roster and plan preparation for multiple responses.
Monitor developments in crises areas worldwide and propose and justify emergency responses when necessary. Direct appropriate allocation of resources from the corporate budget earmarked for disaster response assessments and program activities.
Provide direction to the Headquarters based Emergency Response Unit and supervise the Deputy Director, Emergency Response Unit. Oversee unit’s work and provide authorization for important decisions and actions.
Set internal timelines and direct deployment of the Emergency Response Teams to the disaster areas. Timeline for deployment will depend on the specific crisis, it should however normally be within 48 hours from the executive decision.
Supervise and guide Emergency Response Team Leader to ensure that the team completes an appropriate needs assessment and immediately initiates activities aimed to minimize preventable loss of life and alleviate suffering of disaster affected populations.
Supervise program design and proposal development processes and authorize documents for formal applications to institutional donors.
Represent the agency with donor community, elaborate and justify both IMC emergency response approaches in general and specific interventions in effort to gain support and recognition. Negotiate possible support and partnerships, both strategic and operational.
Participate in, together with the Vice President of International Programs and other members of the senior management team, successful strategic planning for the organizational development of the Programs Department and the design of IMC’s humanitarian response activities and ongoing international programs.
Provide orientation and on-the-job training for the new hire field managers; and perform management reviews of the field operations. Travel to field for the emergency response, monitoring and evaluation, backstopping, donor liaison and personnel support purposes.
Perform other duties as assigned. The duties and responsibilities listed above are representative of the nature and levels of work assigned and are not necessarily all-inclusive.
Supervisory Responsibilities
Establish work standards and schedules and ensure their effective implementation in the department; assign work to employees and train employees in work procedures and methods; review employees’ work for adequacy and take steps to correct inadequate performance; approve employees’ work schedules and time reports.
Manage positions and personnel to make best use of employees during emergencies and non-emergency tasks; select employees and develop their capabilities; plan for succession of key personnel; counsel employees effectively; administer discipline; handle employee relations matters in accordance with IMC’s Human Resources policies, guidelines and procedures.
Evaluate the knowledge and skill level of the staff to perform assigned duties and determine any training or other mentoring options. Facilitate and/or coordinate the attendance of classes or seminars to increase knowledge and increase ERU capacity.
Evaluate the designated staff on their anniversary date and recommend salary increases or promotions within the prescribed guidelines. Ensure that the staff is adhering to the policies and procedures set forth in the guidelines.
Promote an atmosphere which induce employee grievances, combined with an attitude that invites employees to air their grievance and a cheerful readiness to deal with complaints justly and harmoniously in order to promote good morale.
Perform other duties as assigned. The duties and responsibilities listed above are representative of the nature and levels of work assigned and are not necessarily all-inclusive.
Compliance & Ethics: Promotes and encourages a culture of compliance and ethics throughout International Medical Corps. As applicable to the position, maintains a clear understanding of International Medical Corps’ and donor compliance and ethics standards and adheres to those standards. Conducts work with the highest level of integrity.
Skills & Requirements
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s Degree (Master’s preferred) from an accredited college or university in International Relations/Management, Business Management, International Development Management or related field and five to ten (5-10) years of experience, including three years in a resource deprived area; or an equivalent combination of training and experience. Background in program design, program management and budget management a must.
Language Skills
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret technical procedures, compliance and governmental regulations. Ability to write reports. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from managers. Fluency in written and spoken English is essential and competence in at least one other language highly desirable.
OTHER SKILLS And ABILITIES
Thorough knowledge of acceptable developing country program and project design criteria; Understanding of health and development concepts in developing countries; Outstanding organizational skills;
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written; Excellent self-motivation skills; Experience in effectively dealing with international and headquarters staff. The ability to deal with abroad spectrum of people; Ability to exercise sound judgment and make decisions independently; Excellent ability to handle multiple tasks and many administrative details in a fast paced and constantly changing environment; PC literate, excellent word processing skills. Proficient in Word, Excel, and other general experience with software programs; Extremely flexible, and have the ability to cope with stressful situations and frustrations; Creativity and the ability to work with limited resources; Excellent decision making skills; and Must work independently under difficult conditions.
International Medical Corps is proud to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national or ethnic origin, age, disability or status as a veteran.
