Strategy & Operations Managers are the heart and soul of DoorDash. As the leaders of our core business, Strategy & Operations Managers are a critical piece of DoorDash’s growth and success in every market in which we operate. Finding the right people for this role is not easy. In a typical day, Strategy & Ops Managers may devise and execute experiments that improve how we engage and retain dashers, dive through data to understand dasher behavior, and work side-by-side with our Engineering team to build new product features. They will blend creativity and analytics in a way that optimizes our systems and makes DoorDash 1% better each day.
Our best Strategy & Ops Managers are self-motivated, highly analytical,data-driven, and have exceptional interpersonal and relationship-building skills. They are willing to roll up their sleeves and do whatever it takes to make their region successful. Think this is you? Read on…
What You’ll Do
Strategize – Devise and execute the overall strategy for the supply side of the business in Texas. This is critical as making sure we have dashers on the road, where we need them, when we need them, 24 hours a day is necessary for providing a great customer experience
Experiment – Use data-driven decision making and sound business judgment to run tests on everything from pickup times to temperature control. These experiments strengthen our product, streamline processes, and improve the way we do things
Analyze – Build models to evaluate the economic and strategic costs and benefits of dasher acquisition, engagement, and retention programs and experiments
Influence – Work cross-functionally with our Operations, Product, Engineering, and Business Operations teams to improve the dasher experience and achieve the market goals
About You
Self-starter – You have a bias towards action and are able to thrive in a fast-paced, constantly changing work environment
Naturally curious – You always look for ways to innovate and improve
Entrepreneurial – You crave responsibility and want to shape the vision and direction of the company
Gritty – You roll up your sleeves and do whatever it takes to make things successful
Relationship-builder – You can influence and motivate people at all levels across a variety of job functions
Problem solver – You can independently translate high-level goals into actionable plans
Qualifications
2-4 years of experience in consulting / strategy / operations / technology / banking / analytics or related experience; high-growth or early-stage start-up experience is a plus
Track record of leading initiatives, hitting goals, and succeeding in a team environment
Excellent Excel skills; SQL knowledge is a plus, but not required
