Reporting to the Senior Director of Global Campaign and Engagement Marketing, the Senior Campaign Marketing Operations Manager will be responsible for optimizing Campaign Marketings processes to align the organization around best practices and better execute against strategic marketing objectives. This critical position will work with Campaign leadership for the Creative Cloud, Document Cloud, and Company Stock businesses to develop and scale a consistent campaign approach and operating model both at headquarters and globally. S/he will then partner with operations leads across partner business, finance, field marketing and functional marketing organizations to measure and refine this approach to ensure consistency in execution and outcome.
The Senior Campaign Marketing Operations Manager will work with the CC business unit to programatize the cadence, content and review cycles for marketing briefings, plan reviews and approvals; end-to-end experience reviews around key launches; and quarterly marketing reporting and performance reviews. S/he will also establish a consistent KPI reporting framework across Campaign segment teams, and will partner with data and analytics organizations to ensure easy to access, accurate and real-time performance reporting.
The Senior Campaign Marketing Operations Manager will act as the consistent voice of Campaign, providing regular reporting from Campaign Marketing to ensure key stakeholders are aligned and in the know. S/he will gather feedback from this reporting and summarize for Campaign and Global Marketing leadership.
The ideal candidate will be a strategic thinker and operations management guru with a background in marketing, product marketing or analytics and proven success solving complicated process problems. Strong influencing and interpersonal skills, and ability to develop strong relationships and communicate up, across and down in the org structure are critical to success in this role.
Responsibilities
Work with senior CC, DC and Company Stock Campaign leaders to streamline and optimize processes by which the Campaign organization creates and delivers strategic integrated marketing plans and investment recommendations; executes marketing programs; and reports on Campaign performance.
Scale consistent campaign approach and operating model globally and provide ongoing guidance and support to ensure consistency in execution and outcome.
Optimize stakeholder approval process for Campaign launches and programs with business unit operations and functional marketing and product teams.
Establish a consistent KPI reporting framework across Campaign segment teams, and partner with data and analytics organizations to ensure easy to access, accurate and real-time performance reporting.
Own weekly and quarterly status reporting from Campaign Marketing to key stakeholders around the world. Consolidate feedback from key stakeholders to continuously improve reporting.
Develop efficient processes with the business units operations team for marketing briefings, plan reviews and approvals; end-to-end experience reviews around key launches; and quarterly marketing reporting and performance reviews.
Oversee incremental budgeting process and work with Finance organization to improve and streamline quarterly and incremental budgeting processes.
Partner with the Global Marketing Organizations Operations staff to bring best practices from the organization to Creative Cloud, and vice versa.
Develop credibility and relationships with key stakeholders across Company including executives within Global Marketing and the Creative Cloud Business Unit.
6+ years of experience in a marketing, marketing operations, or business operations role
Background in marketing strategy and execution highly desired
Motivated, execution-oriented high performance individual with strong process and metrics focus and passion for learning
Proven leadership and experience in identifying and solving broad and complex issues
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment
Strong influencing and interpersonal skills, and ability to develop strong relationships and communicate up, across and down in the org structure
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience with planning process, and / or metrics and measurement
Experience with SAAS companies a plus
At Company, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.
If youre looking to grow your career, Companys the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences through the Company Life magazine. Company is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.
