SmartThings is seeking a Partner Operations Manager for our Strategic Partner Operations team to execute our most impactful partner opportunities.
The Partner Operations Manager is a “jack of all trades” whose ultimate goal is to make the opportunities created by our Business Development team into successes. This person wears many hats and works across every function in the company including engineering, product, operations, marketing, legal, finance, among others. You will be the primary point of contact across each project for all business to ensure that projects are delivered at high quality and on time.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams in order to facilitate partner growth and milestone achievement
Create objective metric-based outcomes for each partner opportunity and steer each project towards those goals
Support the effective communication and education of our partners about SmartThings’ technical architecture and solutions
Work directly with partners to create and manage project milestones, resolve issues, and deliver a high-quality product
Ensure effective product launch by coordinating across business teams
Effectively prioritize and escalate partner activities as required
This position requires a unique blend of technical knowledge, business acumen, and partner-focused professional abilities. You will bring an ability and a willingness to tackle any issue big or small by consistently following through on commitments. SmartThings requires hard-working, creative, passionate, and self-motivated individuals to reflect its exciting position at the forefront of the Internet of Things and deliver on the promises ahead by helping our partners succeed.
Requirements:
Minimum 4 years of experience in consulting, technology, or operations
Experience building integrations in a technical environment
Ability to multitask and manage many projects (10-15) at one time
Exceptional written and verbal communication capabilities
Ability to communicate effectively with diverse people and individuals at various levels within the organization.
Superior detail orientation, organization, and analytical skills.
BA / BS degree or equivalent work experience.
