The Marketing Operations group will drive and deliver operational excellence, strategy, process and support for the Company marketing team globally. This team builds the foundation for the Brand by Reinforcing marketing with the tools, processes, metrics and best practices to enable success.
Essential Job Functions
In conjunction with the Category Marketing Director, the Category Creative Director, partner with category marketing managers and creative team to manage and develop the marketing materials for the product line.
Follow master calendar set by Marketing Operations Director, oversee, manage and track outdoor marketing GTM dates and gates. Set deadlines to deliver materials for timely and consistent global execution.
Maintain a master project list and schedule.
Facilitate and manage design and production processes for all of the outdoor category marketing needs.
Partner with Category Marketers and Category Creative Director in keeping consistency of messaging across vehicles. Track regional plan activation to insure we are delivering on our commitments and goals. Partner with Category Marketers to conduct regular sessions with regions to ensure they are getting what they need.
Manage budgets of projects. Such responsibilities will include but are not limited to the tracking of all invoices received from vendors to match quotes to assure they fall within budget parameters.
Responsible for creation and management of workflow and production of multiple projects simultaneously.
Drive functional accountabilities and on time delivery of all projects
Provide process and standardized tools to drive consistency and improve effectiveness.
Other Job Functions
As needed, work with pre-press vendor(s) to supply all necessary instruction, files, artwork and other materials for production.
Source vendors, which match Patagonia principles - both domestically and internationally.
As needed assist in department channel projects as assigned by the Marketing Operations Director.
Physical Requirements
Must be able to sit for extended periods of time.
Must be able to stand for extended periods of time.
Ability to look at a computer screen for extended periods of time.
Ability to maintain a composed and professional demeanor within a flexible and (at times noisy) work environment.
Must be able to travel domestically and internationally utilizing various transportation methods.
Minimum Qualifications
10 + years project management experience.
Thorough knowledge of sustainability and corporate environmental initiatives.
Strong writing, communication and negotiation skills.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite programs.
Excellent customer service skills, in person, on the phone and in writing.
Ability to be flexible within the job to ensure the best processes/systems for smooth completion of all projects.
Capable of streamlining and improving processes, and troubleshooting.
Able to work well under pressure and deadlines. Available to work occasional after-hours in order to meet deadlines.
Ability to remain flexible to change within the work environment and scope of responsibility.
Ability to work with a variety of personality types and cultural backgrounds.
Demonstrates initiative, is conscientious and provides complete follow-through on areas of responsibility.
Employee Conduct
It is the responsibility of every employee to contribute to a positive work environment through cooperative and professional interactions with co-workers, customers and vendors.
