LinkedIn is looking for a Business Operations Manager who can successfully solve the most important business problems faced by LinkedIn globally and prioritized by the marketing leadership team.
This role involves working closely with product marketing managers as well as cross-functional coordination across technical teams (e.g. data analytics, data sciences, engineering) and functional teams (e.g., FP&A).
Responsibilities
You will be a leader to the broader team to better understand Company data / systems and leverage technical tools (e.g. SQL, Excel etc.) to help:
Size strategic opportunities and solve problems through adopting a data-based analysis approach;
Create operational dashboards for business lines; Conduct technical analyses (e.g., statistical regressions) to enable data-driven decision-making;
Lead growth strategies and special projects related to Company’s Consumer Marketing business;
Frame Company thinking on optimizing go-to-market plans by driving strategic quarterly business reviews. Work closely with other technical teams (e.g., Product, Data Sciences) and business teams (e.g. FP&A) to drive priorities for Consumer marketing business.
Draw insights based on conducting analyses on large-scale data sets (utilizing SQL skills).
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree
4+ years of experience at marketing consulting firm, technology-focused investment bank, or operating experience in consumer internet
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or Computer Science preferred
Highly productive: Ability to act with limited oversight on day-to-day basis. This role is intended for somebody with initiative and a deep sense of ownership that takes responsibility for shaping and executing upon our strategy and operations.
Structured thinking: Develop and leverage frameworks to help establish team philosophy, facilitate alignment on key strategic decisions among various stakeholders, and identify the 80/20 opportunities to reach insightful and actionable answers.
High-energy, team-first, positive attitude: Must be motivated to work hard in a fast-paced environment.
Multi-tasking prioritization expertise: Experience and enjoyment in balancing multiple priorities and varied demands.
SQL experience a plus
