Children Across America

Job title: Humanitarian 
Job location: Milford, MA , US
Job description: 
CAA has a combination of medical and educational programming. Our main medical program and focus of our medical programming is Health Promotion in motion. This is a immunization and preventative healthcare initiative focused on making sure every child in America is immunized per CDC guidelines and in basic good health. Our main educational program is a literacy program for all children. We also focus on children K-5 grade that come from families that English is not their first language. Our CBC(childrens Book Club) goal is to raise the level of literacy in America's children. Our MAC Advantage Math Clubs are to help develop childrens basic math skills. We help all children but our main focus is the underserved population of America.
Children Across America: Empowering Communities
Children Across America, a humanitarian organization, provides preventive healthcare and literacy support to under-served children in the United States. Its vision is to empower families and children in low-income communities. Its unique programs are focused on improving children’s health and drive educational excellence. The organization partners with local healthcare advocates, hospitals, libraries and school systems to ensure children get the full benefit of its programs. To learn more, please visit ChildrenAcrossAmerica.org.
We need a leader for our Saturday Reading Book Club at the Milford Library, the book club takes place each Saturday for 1 hour between 10 am and 11. The book club is designed as a one-on-one reading and as a group reading depending on the participants.
Our objective is to promote reading as a lifelong activity, as a fun activity. We also try to help children to enjoy reading.
Key responsabilities would include having children read to you, provide guidance and encouragement, to prepare material for each weekend, to evaluate children after each sessions and be our book club leader.
Please contact us immediately if you are interested. A child who reads becomes an adult who thinks!
This is a volunteer opportunity provided by VolunteerMatch, in partnership with LinkedIn for Good.
Desired Skills and Experience
This position requires the following skills: Program Management, Youth Services, Reading Comprehension, Child Development, Literacy / Reading

