International Rescue Committee Inc.

Job title: Humanitarian
Job location: Lakewood, CO, US
Job description: 
The International Rescue Committee (IRC) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit humanitarian organization that works in the U.S. and around the world to help people whose lives and livelihoods have been shattered by conflict and disaster as they survive, recover and regain control of their future. We are one of the nine national resettlement agencies that partner with the U.S. Department of State/Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration (PRM) to provide services to refugees approved for resettlement through the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program.
The International Rescue Committee provides opportunities for refugees, asylees, victims of human trafficking, survivors of torture, and other immigrants to thrive in America. Each year, thousands of people, forced to flee violence and persecution, are welcomed by the people of the United States into the safety and freedom of America. These individuals have survived against incredible odds. The IRC works with government bodies, civil society actors, and local volunteers to help them translate their past experiences into assets that are valuable to their new communities. In Denver and other offices across the country, the IRC helps them to rebuild their lives.
TANF (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families) Intern: Support the TANF liaison and employment team to ensure that eligible clients access and receive state and county benefits in a timely manner.
路 Help find and apply for childcare on behalf of clients
路 Assist with the completion of redetermination packets for public benefits
路 Provide transportation for clients and assist with county interviews and/or picking up benefits card
路 Administrative task, including filing and data entry
This is a volunteer opportunity provided by VolunteerMatch, in partnership with LinkedIn for Good.
Desired Skills and Experience
This position requires the following skills: Data Entry, Organization, Cross-cultural Communication, Administrative Support, Multi-Tasking.
