JMC Retail Group

Job title :Office Manager 
Job location : Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
Employer name : JMC Retail Group
Job description : 
Job Brief: 
We are looking for an office manager to organize and coordinate administration duties and office procedures. Your role is to create and maintain a pleasant and professional work environment, ensuring high levels of organizational effectiveness, communication, and care. 
Office manager responsibilities include scheduling meetings and appointments, making office supplies arrangements, greeting visitors, and providing general administrative support to our employees. Previous experience will be an advantage. A successful office manager should also have experience with a variety of office software (email tools, spreadsheets, and databases) and can accurately handle multiple administrative duties. 
Ultimately, the office manager should be able to proactively ensure the smooth running of the office and help to improve company procedures and day-to-day operation. 
General Responsibilities: 
o Maintain Office/Kitchen
o Manage office equipment 
o Manage master outlook calendar
o Coordinate vendor visits
o Coordinate Conferences/Tradeshows
o Executive Assistant to the President
o Coordinate office staff activities
o Partner with HR for employee onboarding
o IT, building management and travel agent liaison
o Point person for errands
o Work closely with shipping/receiving manager
o Some analytical, accounting, data base responsibilities
Requirements: 
o Knowledge and experience of office administrator responsibilities, systems, and procedures
o Proficiency in MS Office 
o Hands on experience with office hardware (printers, copiers, telephones, etc.)
o Excellent time management skills and ability to multi-task and prioritize work
o Attention to detail and problem solving skills
o Excellent written and verbal communication skills
o Strong organizational and planning skills in fast paced environment
o College degree preferred 
We are located near the Shops at West End in St. Louis Park and our general office hours are 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM. Our website address is www.jmcretailgroup.com. Please contact Lori Collier via e-mail at lori.collier@jmcretailgroup.com to submit your resume and for any further inquiry. We look forward to hearing from you and hope that you are interested in joining the JMC Retail team!
