University Of California,Santa Barbra

Job title :Office Manager

Job location: Santa Barbara, CA, US
 
Employer name: Katherine Abad
Job description:
Summary Of Job Duties:

(Note: This summary will be used for keyword search) Office Manager
The MCC office manager reports directly to the MCC Director. Must be aware of concerns, pressures, and inequities affecting marginalized communities, including people of color and people with diverse sexual orientations. Must be willing to work as a member of a team of staff and students advocating for the above mentioned populations. Responsible for the physical aspect of day to day operations of a 150-seat theater, a lounge/gallery space that seats 70 people, two small meeting rooms and a kitchen. Must be able to exchange ideas with co-workers, to direct and support persons supervised, and to effectively convey the MultiCultural Center's philosophy to the entire university community. Manages the office independently and schedules the entire space. Responsible for hiring, training, and supervising all student staff. Coordinates and develops annual training retreat and quarterly meetings. Independently responsible for departmental financial matters and accounting system. Prepares paperwork for financial transactions, reviews expenditures, prepares cost projections and monthly financial reports using computerized accounting system, databases and spreadsheets. Provides assistance in the publicity and financial transactions related to the programming activities of the Center.
Minimum Requirements Sensitivity and awareness of the issues and concerns of marginalized communities including people of color and people of diverse sexual orientations, ethnicities and cultural backgrounds. Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills, especially in interactions with the public. Ability to perform University financial transaction such as office purchases, transfer of funds, recharges and payment for services. Ability to organize and manage activities in a complex and fast-paced front office space, including assigning task to student workers. Attention to detail, particularly in scheduling of the Center's facilities, and ability to meet deadlines. Experience with MS Word and Excel.
Desirable Requirements Knowledge of University financial and accounting policies and procedures. Familiarity with using audiovisual equipment. Experience or familiarity with marketing and publicity strategies. Bachelor's degree preferred. Experience with EMS (or other scheduling software program) and Microsoft Outlook a plus.
Special Conditions of Employment
A little help? Go to Driver's License Requirements or Background Check Guidelines
Satisfactory completion of a fingerprint background check
Other Special Conditions of Employment Occasionally will be required to work nights and weekends.
Optional Applicant Documents Other Document (1)
Other Document (2)
Other Document (3)
Required Applicant Documents Resume
Cover Letter

Summary Of Job Duties:

(Note: This summary will be used for keyword search)

Physical Requirements:

Continuously=Activity occurs > 66%
Frequently=Activity occurs 33% to 66%
Occasionally=Activity occurs Not Applicable=Activity does not exist
Stand FREQ.
Walk FREQ.
Sit FREQ.
Bend OCCAS.
Crouch/Squat OCCAS.
Kneel/Crawl OCCAS.
Climb N/A
Reach above shoulder level OCCAS.
Use keyboard/mouse FREQ.
Hand Activities: Fine dexterity OCCAS.
Hand Activities: Hand twisting OCCAS.
Hand Activities: Simple grasping OCCAS.
Hand Activities: Power grasping N/A
Other (please specify activity)
Frequency of Other Activity N/A
Lifting Activities: Light lifting ( OCCAS.
Lifting Activities: Moderate lifting (20-50 lbs) OCCAS.
Lifting Activities: Heavy lifting (>50 lbs) N/A
Push/Pull Activities: Light pushing/pulling ( OCCAS.
Push/Pull Activities: Moderate pushing/pulling (20-50 lbs of force) N/A
Push/Pull Activities: Heavy pushing/pulling (>50 lbs of force) N/A

Mental Requirements:

Read/Comprehend FREQ.
Write FREQ.
Perform Calculations FREQ.
Communicate Orally FREQ.
Reason and Analyze FREQ.
Other (please specify activity)
Frequency of Other Activity N/A

Environmental Requirements:

Is exposed to excessive noise N/A
Is around moving machinery N/A
Is exposed to marked changes in temperature and/or humidity N/A
Is exposed to dust N/A
Is exposed to fumes N/A
Is exposed to gases N/A
Is exposed to radiation N/A
Is exposed to microwave N/A
Drives motorized equipment N/A
Works in confined quarters N/A
Other (please specify activity)
Frequency of Other Activity N/A

Job Duties:
Total Percentage of Duties:100
5 Records

Order of
Imp Essen
Duty % Freq. Function Duties :

1  Yes 25 Weekly MCC Physical Space Management
Assists in managing and supervising a 150 seat fully equipped theater, a 70-seat lounge/gallery space, two small meeting rooms and a kitchen. Independently deals with sensitive scheduling demands with a potential to avoid volatile situations. Assists the Director in developing policies and procedures regarding all facets of MCC usage and implements the policies. Assists in maintenance and purchase of all the audiovisual equipment ranging from the 16mm film projector to the special sound equipment in the theater. Oversees scheduling of these facilities and responds to the needs of over 800 events that take place in the MCC space ranging from equipment needs to furniture needs. Writes and implements manuals for the front desk. Prepares quarterly and annual reports that track the use of the MCC space to assist with overall program evaluation and provides guidance to staff and student organization on utilization. Maintains clear communication with users. Oversees checking out keys, assesses the procedure for efficiency, ensures security of space is maintained at all times, and addresses discrepancies immediately. Maintains the key inventory process. Supervises the sound technician.

2  Yes 25 Weekly Supervision and Training
Interviews, hires, and trains student employees. Provides direct supervision and manages work schedules. Coordinates and oversees special student projects to ensure projects are done correctly and on time.
Coordinates the training retreat for the MCC student staff, which develops and communicated overall expectation for the academic year. In preparation for the retreat, manages and oversees all of the administrative logistics including scheduling, securing a venue, obtaining insurance certificates, and contracts with the university. Develops workshops and plans discussion topics and/or interactive activities that reviews expectations and responsibilities of job duties and addresses social justice topics and the mission of the MultiCultural Center. Ensures that students learn the importance of embodying and acting on the concepts and expectations reviewed and discussed from the retreat throughout the year.
Quarterly schedules regular meetings to discuss planned activities in the MCC and UCSB. Reviews job duties and overall expectations and provides formal and informal evaluation. Provides progress reports and meets with students to evaluate performance. 

3  Yes 25 Weekly Financial Management
Monitors all fiscal activity within the department including all budgetary development, financial planning, and analysis. Researches and resolves discrepancies on all accounts at the end of each month. Prepares forms and related approvals for financial transactions and ensures that the department is in compliance with University accounting policies and procedures. Works closely with OSL accounting personnel with all accounting related issues. Utilizes software program, Microsoft Excel and University systems including Data Warehouse, On-Line General Ledger, Transfer of Expense, and Gateway Procurement. Maintains internal accounting system that tracks upcoming income and expenses and submits monthly reports to the director. Assists in the processing of transfer of funds from other departments for space rentals and for co-sponsorships to support programming. Prepares and processes check requests. Initiates and processes payment for campus service departments and other outside vendors especially for sound and equipment charges. Prepares payroll report for Director. Prepares cost analysis and comparison bids for other than routine purchases. Knowledgeable of University policies and procedures that govern purchasing recharges, entertainment, travel and reimbursements to ensure accurate and efficient processing of paperwork. Processes checks for co-sponsorship of student initiated events

4  Yes 20 Weekly Programming Assistant for MCC Events
Assists the events programmer in establishing publicity strategies for each MultiCultural Center event. Works with the graphic designer establishing deadlines for the distribution of publicity material for over 100 events per year. Identifies classes to make class announcements of MCC events. Supervises students in publicizing events on campus and off campus. Assists in outreaching to the greater Santa Barbara communities. Oversees the furniture and equipment set-up for 300-400 reservations per quarter in the MCC space. Coordinates with Risk Management to prepare insurance documents for quarterly art exhibitions. Communicates with vendors to ensure an accurate inventory of all items of an exhibit. When problems arise, evaluates and coordinates with Risk Management and appropriate parties. Initiates Gateway entry for each performer for over 22 events per quarter, including performance contract management through Business Services. Troubleshoots when needed with audiovisual equipment.

5  Yes 5 Weekly Other Duties
Attends weekly staff meetings. Meets with supervisors as needed on a regular basis. Plans and participates in staff meetings and quarterly staff development sessions. Involvement in special projects and committees as needed, including board meetings. General supervision of the MCC space. Other duties as assigned by the MCC director.
