ExecCareers DC

Job title:Office Manager 
Job location: Company Location Alexandria, Virginia
Employer name: Bill Fitzgerald
Job Description:
Outstanding Career Opportunity 
Office Manager to the President 
We’re working on a cure for everything — including your career woes. 
Founded more than 75 years ago, we’re the country’s oldest and largest pharmacy foundation, advancing and supporting pharmaceutical sciences education in the nation’s schools and colleges. By providing fellowships, scholarships, awards and grants to the science’s most promising students, researchers and faculty, the research we facilitate is not only pioneering new cures and revolutionary breakthroughs — it is transforming and saving lives. 
The work we do here is important — which is where you come in. In the office manager role, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference. Here, you’ll interact with the top minds and visionaries in the pharmaceutical sciences — the true pioneers who are at the forefront of the remarkable advancements currently reshaping the face of medicine. 
It will be your job to liaise with our board of directors, PhD graduate students, and the Deans offices and faculty of pharmacy schools across the nation. 
It will be the office manager’s job to monitor the health and wellbeing of the office, taking its pulse and offering an infusion of administrative assistance and knowhow as needed. 
You will generate reports, correspondence and manage vendor relationships. It will be your responsibility maintain the foundation’s database and budget 
Successful candidates will have an attention to detail that would make a microbiologist envious, a work ethic rivaling Louis Pasteur’s, and strong interpersonal and communication skills, both written and oral. You will have a penchant for number crunching, the ability to multitask and dispatch challenging deadlines without skipping a beat. 
Applicants will also possess a number of musts. You must have a minimum of a bachelor’s degree and no less than five years of relevant experience (not necessarily in the field of Pharmaceutical Sciences). You must be a Quick Books maestro or maven, excel at Excel, be a master at the mail merge, and be able to maintain multiple databases at a time. 
In this role, you will be a problem solver, risk taker and free thinker. You will shoulder responsibility, have an eye for thoroughness, and be head and toes above all other applicants. 
So, if you find the mundane a tough pill to swallow, have a healthy appreciation for challenges, and relish the opportunity to play an important role in cultivating future generations of pharmacists and breakthroughs in pharmaceutical science, take two minutes to apply and call us in the morning. 
If you are intrigued, you can read more about this opportunity at ExecCareersDC.com where we have posted a more detailed description of the role. 
ExecCareers DC is changing the way professionals and hiring organizations find each other in the DE Metro area. 


