Capital Region Planning Commission

Job title :Office Manager
Job location:Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Employer name: Capital Region Planning Commission
Job description:
The Capital Region Planning Commission (CRPC) is looking to hire an Office Manager to assist with daily office functions, direct human resources, and complete a broad variety of administrative tasks for the Executive Director. This person should be highly organized, detail oriented, and ensure confidentiality and integrity of employee records. At minimum, the applicant must have two years related experience in the administrative and human resources field. A four-year degree is preferred and may be considered toward required minimum experience. Salary range is $40,000 – $50,000 commensurate with knowledge and experience. CRPC is an Equal Opportunity Employer / Affirmative Action Employer (EOE/AAE). The job description and more information about the organization may be viewed at the CRPC website: www.crpcla.org. 
Specific job responsibilities are as follows: 
Administrative:
Completes a broad variety of administrative tasks for the Executive Director including: managing an active calendar of appointments; completing expense reports; making travel arrangements; scheduling meetings with elected officials, agency partners and staff. 
Researches, prioritizes and follows up on incoming issues and concerns addressed to the Executive Director. 
Works closely with the Executive Director and informs him of upcoming commitments and responsibilities. 
Responsible for maintaining records pertaining to the operation of the organization. Confidentiality and integrity of employee records is required. 
Ensures that CRPC financial records and benefits are kept in a legal manner and one that conforms to the needs of the organizations. 
Manages accounts receivable and accounts payable. 
Manages office supplies. 
Composes administrative reports, and updates organizational handbooks as needed. 
Records and delivers deposits. 
Assists with payroll preparation and monthly requisitions. 
Assists with document / form creation and file management. 
Assists with audit preparation. 
Responds to and routes mail, website, and email requests for information. Maintains records of general correspondence. Assists with mailings and special projects as needed. 
Schedules regular meetings, prepares agendas and meeting minutes, and schedules public notices for meetings. 
Other duties as assigned. 
Human Resources:
Acts as the organization’s point of contact for all employee-related benefits. 
Ensures that benefit information is up-to-date. 
Coordinates payroll and benefits information. 
Work with new hires in the benefits enrollment process and existing employees with open enrollment. 
Maintains benefit information and records. 
Maintains paid time off records. Other duties as assigned. 

Qualifications: 
This person should possess a minimum of two years of experience in the administrative or human resources field. A four-year degree is preferred, and may be considered toward required minimum experience. Salary range is $40,000-$50,000 commensurate with knowledge and experience. CRPC is an Equal Opportunity Employer / Affirmative Action Employer (EOE/AAE). The job description may be viewed at the CRPC website: www.crpcla.org. 
The application period is open until April 12, 2017 at close of business. Individuals interested please send your resume and cover letter to the email address listed below:
Sarah Stafford, Office Director / Public Outreach Coordinator
Capital Region Planning Commission 
Post Office Box 3355 Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70821 
or sstafford@crpcla.org


