906 Technologies

Job title :Office Manager
Job location: Garner, NC, US
Employer name: 906 Technologies
Job description:
We are a Raleigh based construction company with residential and commercial clients. Our technicians perform a variety of services throughout the state for our clients. We have a fast-paced office environment where speed and precision are important. To work with us you must be an organized individual, have effective client relationship skills and an understanding of cause and effect. We need a motivated individual that is able to follow directions and complete assigned tasks within an Office Manager role with little oversight. This is a broad position, intended to be a jack-of-all-trades in order to ensure smooth business operations. The following list is not exhaustive, but gives a general idea of required duties.

The Office Duties:
Answering phones
Process client/subcontractor requests and job set-up
Accurately maintain contact database
Coordinate company scheduling
Bookkeeping
Responsible for the organization and coordination of office operations, procedures, policies and resources to facilitate organizational effectiveness and efficiency.
Assist supervisor in accomplishing personal tasks
Maintain and upkeep office

The Ideal Candidate Attributes Are:
Attention to detail and high level of accuracy
Experience in the Construction Industry
Problem analysis and assessment
Communication skills

Full-time Position:
Monday-Friday; With the ability to rotate the 1st and 2nd shift with other staff members or fill the 2nd shift
7am to 3:30pm (1st Shift)
10:00 to 6/7pm (2nd Shift)
The hours will vary, depending on the work load for the week. Fridays are our busiest day of the week and our work orders tend to come late in the day. The daily work load must be completed for the efficient flow of the office. When your obligations are not completed you will be required to come in earlier, stay late and/or work on the weekend to finish. Our office tasks are generally completed during business hours (7am to 6pm).
During the training period we estimate 45-60 hours a week and weekends may be required. The training period will last 2-4 weeks.
We are a small company that needs a staff that is dedicated to keeping up with the growth and willing to work long hours when needed. Therefore we are in search of key personal that have the expertise, professionalism, reliability and commitment to do what it takes to insure the sustained growth of the company.

Requirements:
Proficient in Microsoft Office products and familiar with advanced features
Three years minimum office management experience
High School Diploma or equivalent
Ability to effectively learn administrative management, business practices, procedures and principles
Proficient in typing and data entry
Ability to multitask
Professional working attitude
