Knapheide

Job title :Office Manager
Job location: Charleston, South Carolina Area
Employer name: Knapheide
Job description:
Knapheide Truck Equipment Company 
Reports to: General Manager 
Pay Range: Commensurate with skill and ability 
General Description:
The Office Manager is responsible for the organization and co-ordination of office operations, procedures and resources to facilitate organizational effectiveness and efficiency. 
Essential Duties & Responsibilities: 
1. Supervision of all office and lot personnel and drivers. 
2. Manages the Drive a Way Program, including scheduling deliveries, maintaining driver’s records to ensure DOT compliance, and recording driver’s times for correct invoicing. Also responsible for routine maintenance schedule for all chase vehicles. 
3. Insures orders are completed, maintained and up to date with revisions, and written and invoiced daily. 
4. Track and record PDI’s. 
5. Manage chassis status and vehicle transfers 
6. Manage chassis releases 
7. Manage phone volume to ensure customer service 
8. Manage proper stock levels of all office supplies 
9. Manage vehicle registrations 
10. Scan freight stickers and confirm that chassis are labeled prior to shipping. 
11. Responsible for tracking shipping and receiving of completed and bare chassis'. 
12. Files claims due to transportation or manufacturing defects 
13. Record certifications for ALL completed vehicles including weight tickets 
14. Verify chassis' in Spokane system 
15. Responsible for gathering and recording all gas receipts. 
16. Correct and update time and attendance in order for payroll to process 
17. Handle petty cash 
18. Code drivers expenses for payables 
19. Prepare and balance driver’s time for payroll 
20. Track vehicle plate renewals and purchase plate stickers 
21. Prepare and enter new temporary employees into the Time and Attendance system 
22. Manage and prepare monthly paint inventory spreadsheet 
23. Regular and predictable attendance. 
24. Adhere to company safety guidelines 
25. Ability to interact with others. 
Preferred Training and Experience: 
1. Previous experience in the truck equipment industry or similar industry 
2. Business or accounting degree or five years’ work related experience 
3. Experience effectively managing a staff of 4 to 10 people 
4. Excellent knowledge of computers (Microsoft Excel and Word, AS400, and Internet). 
5. Strong analytical ability along with problem solving skills 
6. Must be able to manage multiple priorities. 
7. Knowledge of or possesses the ability to identify and understand parts associated units being up fit. 
8. Ability to read and interpret bill of materials and orders. 
Physical Demands: 
1. Normal standing, walking, bending and twisting as necessary to perform job duties. 
2. Exposed to normal seasonal temperatures. 
3. Lifting/moving up to 50 pounds 
Education/Certification Requirements: 
1. High School Diploma or GED 
THE KNAPHEIDE MANUFACTURING COMPANY
PO Box 7140
Quincy, IL 62305

EOE of Minorities/Females/Vets/Disability.
