Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts  Company

Job title: Office Manager 

Job location: St. Louis, MO, US

Employer name: 
Job description: 
At Four Seasons, Corporate Values are much more than a program or a policy; they define who we are and inform the decisions we make. The company's guiding principle is the Golden Rule, and as such Four Seasons strives to have a long-lasting, positive influence on the communities where we operate and on the people we employ and serve around the world.
Sited near the confluence of the Mississippi and Missouri rivers, historic St. Louis continues to invite exploration. Find the luxurious Hotel, a haven of tranquility with epic views of the Gateway Arch, in the heart of downtown's entertainment district, just steps away from Lumiere Place Casino, the pulse of St. Louis.

Required Qualifications
The Assistant Front Office Manager oversees the Front Desk operations and acts as the manager on duty in the hotel when senior managers are not available. Directs staff that performs the following duties and will also perform these duties on own: welcoming and registering hotel guests, explaining the accommodations and establishing credit or method of payment. Checking guests out of the hotel, preparing and explaining the bill. Responding to a wide variety of guests requests by accurately assessing the guest needs and requests and then adding personal recommendations and touches to achieve maximum customer satisfaction while complying with all Four Seasons policies.

Four Seasons believes in offering the best to the best; check out some of our amazing benefits!
An Opportunity to be a part of a cohesive team with opportunities to build a successful career with global potential
The opportunity to engage in a diverse and challenging work environment
Complimentary Hotel Stays
Competitive Salary
Excellent Benefits Package that includes: Medical, Dental, Vision and 401K
Complimentary Daily Lunches
Four Seasons is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
