The Heritage Group

Job title: Office Manager 

Job location: Indianapolis, Indiana Area

Employer name: Rebecca Pratt Jimenez SPHR, SHRM-SCP
Job description
The Office Manager 5400 + Robbins Road supports the CEO, Heritage Construction Materials, CFO, HCM and the CFO and Legal counsel for The Heritage Group (THG). In addition, the Office Manager ensures a smooth operational rhythm at the sites. Professionalism and confidentiality with senior leaders and other employees is crucial to build strong relationships and appropriately representing THG and HCM. Decision making capability, detail orientation, sense of accountability and creative problem solving are crucial to ensuring success in the role. This position will align with the objectives of not only the 5400 + Robbins Road locations but our overall culture and need to connect across our THG community.
Essential Job Functions:
1. Manage the above referenced offices including, but not limited to:
1. Scheduling of travel
2. Calendar maintenance and organization
3. Creation and design of relevant presentation or documents
4. Virtual filing and organization of materials
5. Develop and maintain Finance Dept. SharePoint site, including creation of custom workflows
6. Partner with HRBP on effective on-boarding of new executives into the organization
7. Preparation for Board materials, support of leadership council and executive team level presentations
8. Maintenance of supplies and mail room services
1. Support Robbins Road by offering organization, administration and fun to include:
1. Support organization of key events and local meetings
2. Administrative support to site managers as needed
2. Support the Executive Assistant team within the organization
1. Build and maintain strong working relationship with Executive/Administrative Assistants across THG and operating businesses
2. Support objective of Executive Assistant team to include planning and execution of company-wide events.
3. Other duties as assigned

Requirements:
High School Diploma or GED
At least 5 years’ experience in an Executive or Office management role
Analytic capability, including excel, databases and intranet management
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, specifically Office, Outlook PowerPoint, and SharePoint
Relevant Skills
· Offer a very high-level of self-awareness and a passion for learning
· Always demonstrate the ability to hold themselves accountable to high standards in quality of work, relationship-building and professionalism- Integrity
· Courage to take initiative in unfamiliar or ambiguous circumstances.
· Use excellent verbal and written communication
· Demonstrate creative thinking and problem solving
· Consistently manage projects and support new initiatives
· Demonstrate detail orientation
· Maintain a high level of confidentiality and discretion
· Exude passion for supporting others and the team to be successful
· Share the desire to have fun and establish balance












