BuzzCo,Inc.


Job title: Humanitarian
Job location: Schaumburg, Illinois
Job description: 
A non-profit medical specialty association is in need of a Marketing Specialist. Contract 3 Months with opportunity to extend.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
• Develop marketing strategies to increase awareness and/or revenue for patient education products and by developing and implementing integrated, strategic marketing communications plans. Build an understanding of customers through various research methods using internal and external data. Work cross-departmentally to fully understand project scope and goals to develop plans. Identify data gaps and provide input to the development of data gathering tools. Assist with ongoing product portfolio management. Monitor trends through market/association benchmarking and environment scans to assist in providing recommendations regarding pricing, programming, and best practices for various member categories.
• Develop innovative, integrated marketing communications plans that contribute to the strategic objectives for philanthropic programs including but not limited to humanitarian/outreach efforts, individual and planned giving, philanthropic events
• Assist in developing tactics to ensure an effective online presence and create promotions that increase online store activity (and transactions) to the store. Analyze web usage trends and analytics to make recommendations that improve and/or add functionality to the site that will enhance the overall customer experience. Update eCommerce section of the website to include product information, promotions and specials. Test eCommerce site to ensure ease of use when customers are placing orders through the online cart. Work cross-departmentally with operational team to maintain “Your accounts page”, electronic products for assigned lines, and assist with customer facing operational communications and subscription management.
• Gather customer data such as demographics and purchasing patterns. Look at trends from target markets (member and non) using various research methods, including: market/association benchmarking, environmental scans, industry trends, and internal databases. Analyze data and provide summaries and recommendations for patient education product lines and meetings. Work closely with cross-departmental product development team to identify assumptions, connections, and data gaps. Provide input into the development of data gathering tools and survey planning.
• Assist in the development of departmental and cross-departmental assigned project budgets, monitor marketing expenses, and assist with quarterly variance reports and forecasting. Assist in optimizing the advertising and promotion budget to efficiently delivering objectives and ROI.
• Assist in the implementation of the Resource Center at various outside medical meetings to include product demonstrations, onsite sales, staffing, and booth set-up/tear-down. Promote consistent image and representation of educational material, selected products, and member benefits to include point of purchase displays and collateral material at those meetings. Attend member events as a representative and learn about the needs of current and prospective members to assist with implementing new products and activities and/or revising existing products.
• Work with the Member Resource Center (MRC) to update representatives on promotional campaigns, new product launches. Develop informational material for MRC representatives’ day to- 1 day use, and answer higher level member questions as needed. Set up and conduct training sessions to educate the MRC on new products or processes.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Excellent written and verbal communication skills; bilingual abilities are a plus; analytical ability; strong interpersonal; and negotiation skills.
Ability to collect and analyze information used to make sound business process and procedure decisions.
Ability to collect and analyze information used to make sound business process and procedure decisions. Customer service and budgeting experience preferred.
Ability to execute projects under minimal supervision. Lead and participate in cross-departmental work groups to achieve broad objectives.
Able to organize, prioritize and coordinate tasks. Monitor the progress of tasks and projects.
Association experience a plus. Some travel required.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelors’ degree in Marketing or related field required.
Minimum four years business experience, marketing planning and promotions with an emphasis in recruitment and retention, and fundraising preferred.
Success Factors:
Business Knowledge – Demonstrate awareness of business functions and how business decisions affect financial and non-financial work results.
Problem Solving Skill – Identify and define problems; examine relevant information. Able to choose the correct course of action based on standard operating procedures.
Collaboration – Participate as an active and contributing member of a team to achieve goals. Work cooperatively with team members (internal and external) outside the line of formal authority. Involve others, share information as appropriate, and share credit for accomplishments. Work together to accomplish organizations goals and resolve problems.
Team Player – Able to work effectively with varied people to facilitate the completion of the work. Interpersonal – Consider and respond appropriately to the needs and feelings of others; treat others equitably. Innovation – Able to think innovatively and creatively to enhance current programs and search for new program ideas and opportunity. Apply thoughts to fundamental concepts. Adaptability – Adapt well to changes in assignments and priorities; adapt behavior or work methods in response to new information, changing conditions, or unexpected obstacles; approach changes positively and adjust behaviors accordingly.
Seniority Level
Mid-Senior level
Industry
· Medical Practice
Employment Type
Contract
Job Functions
· Marketing
 
· Writing/Editing
· Strategy/Planning
	
