Responsible for fostering a growth mindset and supporting the career growth and development of all T&D team members.
Leads the vision and strategy for the customer training experience.
Utilizes data from key performance indicators to inform the objectives of all training programs.
Establishes the business model and short- and long-term objectives for training.
Oversees the formal certification and accreditation of eligible training programs.
Evaluates the training standards to determine gains in skills and abilities of learners, resulting in the effective application and transfer of knowledge.
Partners and collaborates with internal stakeholders, leadership team members, and customer advisory boards to deliver best-in-class training products.
Ensures the delivery of professional instructor-led and virtual/online training programs and learning solutions that meet the identified learning objectives.
Manages the learning management system vendor relationship. Ensures the efficient delivery of services. Responsible for guiding the day-to-day operation and influencing the continuous improvement of the learning management system (LMS) and related learning technologies.
Remains current in T&D profession and ensures skills and knowledge are effectively applied in his/her practice. Monitors learning and development industry trends and best practices. Serves as the resident expert on the T&D practice.
Exemplifies the established leadership expectations and core competencies of the organization.
Bachelor's degree in a related field (organizational development, human resources development, organizational behavior, management/business administration, educational psychology).
Requires a minimum of ten years of progressively responsible experience in training and development.
Demonstrated leadership experience; knowledge and expertise in learning design and development, instructional design and delivery; demonstrated ability to work successfully with others, leadership team members, and stakeholders.
Experience with Learning Management Systems (LMS) and other learning technologies.
Core competencies of the role include but are not limited to: customer focus, business acumen, learning agility, written communication, and interpersonal savvy. Preferred Qualifications
Master's degree in a related field or Masters in Business Administration.
Law enforcement experience
