Grayscale Investments is seeking an Operations Manager to support the continued growth of its cornerstone product, the Bitcoin Investment Trust, and play a key role in launching new products. The Operations Manager will create and execute on operational strategies relating to Grayscale’s suite of products, execute key activities that support our clients, and prepare daily, quarterly and annual reports. This is a unique opportunity for a diligent, detail oriented, laser focused operations professional to join a small, innovative team at the helm of the digital currency industry.
Responsibilities
Create and execute short and long term operational procedures cross-organizationally and spanning multiple external functions (authorized participants, marketing agents, administrators, sponsor, liquidity providers, custodians, etc…) for ETF products and private funds.
Act as a business liaison and main business contact with internal and external: accountants, auditors, and legal team.
Project manage key strategic initiatives for the firm, including high-level budgeting and resource prioritization, from idea to inception.
Lead the preparation of daily, weekly, quarterly and annual reports for Grayscale products, collaborating with counsel, accountants and other stakeholders.
Record and track activities and design, monitor and analyze metrics to draw actionable data-driven strategy decisions.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree from top university (ideal majors: Business, Finance, Economics)
Minimum of 4 years of related experience; previous operational or project management experience within ETF, mutual fund or private fund industry desired.
Advanced Microsoft office (Excel, Powerpoint, Word) required.
Demonstrate success in operational process, project management, process improvement, and strategic initiatives
Must demonstrate interest in how decentralized currencies and blockchain technology will disrupt global finance.
Possess strong executive presence and ability to communicate professionally (verbal and written)
Must be a self-starter with excellent time management skills and naturally very organized
Must be a collaborative team player
Must be accountable for delivering high quality work in a fast-paced environment with a strong sense of urgency
