The General Manager / Operations Manager plans, directs and leads all business operations at the Profit Center. The Manager is accountable for sustaining consistent profitability of the business.
Job Duties
Achieve sales, gross profit and profit sharing goals through the recruitment, development, training, coaching,evaluation and management of the Profit Center team.
Determine targeted customer account potential, establish sales goals for those accounts, and hold salespeople accountable for achieving those goals.
Achieve upper quartile performance in these key indicators – Gross Profit %, Net Salaries Ratio, Occupancy
Ratio, Return on Investment, Gross Profit per Employee, and Profit Sharing per Employee.
Analyze available financial reports and information, implementing appropriate strategies to increase sales and margins, improve productivity, and manage expenses and assets.
Ensure the Profit Center meets or exceeds the service expectations demanded by each customer group.
Build relationships in the community to understand the marketplace, increase market share and identify new
Conduct all business in accordance with Company policy and procedures.
Maintain and insist upon a safe working environment in accordance with Company policy and procedures.
Safeguard and maintain all Profit Center assets – buildings, fleet, equipment, inventory and receivables.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Possesses a strong work ethic and a high standard of integrity.
Possesses excellent interpersonal skills, sound business judgment and the capacity for continued growth and contributions to the Company.
Creates and nurtures a positive team environment, inspiring all employees to do their best work to achieve the highest levels of customer and employee satisfaction.
Able to build and maintain quality relationships with employees, customers and vendors.
Able to interpret financial report data to determine success/failure of plans and to take appropriate action to adjust business plans ensuring success.
Able to learn and operate (keyboard and mouse) applicable software system (Eclipse, Mincron) used for business operations.
Education, Training, Experience
College degree or equivalent industry experience
Minimum 3+ years wholesale distribution experience
Minimum 2+ years in management, wholesale distribution or sales management preferred
Use Microsoft Office software (Outlook, Word, Excel) to communicate via email, to maintain appointments and customer and vendor contact files, and to analyze performance data
Product knowledge related to the specific Profit Center market preferred
A proper and valid driver’s license
A driving record that demonstrates good driving skills in compliance with Company policy
This career opportunity is full time and the compensation package includes:
A competitive starting salary
Annual profit sharing bonus
A comprehensive benefits program that includes medical, dental, and vision insurance with prescription coverage, 401(k) and retirement cash account plans, life insurance, long-term disability, pre-tax flexible spending accounts, an employee assistance program,
Paid vacation, sick, and holiday time
Relocation expenses covered
Required Skills
All interested applicants must possess:
College degree or equivalent industry experience
A demonstrated history of leadership experience
Minimum 5+ years of wholesale distribution experience
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to build and maintain quality relationships with employees, customers, and vendors
Ability to interpret financial data to determine the success/failure of plans and take the appropriate action to adjust business plans to ensure success
Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel) skills
