Guest Supply is a leading global manufacturer and distributor to the Travel and Leisure industry, providing products to over 25,000 hotels in 88 countries. Rapidly approaching a billion dollars in annual revenue, Guest Supply has grown its' business by over 200% in the last 7 years. Guest Supply is also a wholly owned subsidiary of Sysco. Sysco is a 50 billion dollar, industry leading, global food and beverage distribution company, employing hundreds of thousands of employees worldwide and home to the 13th largest sales organization in the world.
The Operations Manager is responsible for managing and directing daily inbound and outbound warehouse operations including but not limited to product receiving, product replenishment, order selection, order loading, facility expense and revenue management and adherence to company policies and government regulations while ensuring superior customer service and the safety & security of designated facility.
Manage the daily workload and safety of Warehouse Supervisors and associates. Review and set priorities to ensure orders are correct, complete and leave on time to ensure excellent customer service.
Manage the proper selection, purchase and utilization of Company assets in support of warehouse operations. Coordinate with other departments as necessary to ensure upgrades and repairs are completed efficiently and effectively.
Proactively look ahead to meet/exceed anticipated workloads. Establish and implement processes and systems to efficiently meet inventory management goals and work with the Regional
Director to help improve service levels for the facility, region, and the company.
Suggest efficiency ideas, cost reduction measures and assist with the implementation of changes with inbound and outbound warehouse operations. Identify problems and propose solutions to other members of management and promote cooperation with other departments.
Daily review shipping and loading audits ensuring all required documentation is accurately completed and material is handled and stored correctly with minimum potential for loss.
Ensure day to day management and associate activities are in alignment with safety strategy. Maintain safe and healthy work environment.
Direct, coordinate and monitor the daily activities & performance of Operations team to assure compliance of standard Company policies, procedures, quality and safety. Coach and develop
team in balancing the delivery of high productivity, quality and customer service. Maintain a positive and safe work environment.
Oversee employee relations and participate in staff selection, performance and compensation evaluations, corrective action and terminations, as necessary. Establish performance goals, monitor progress and provide feedback as necessary. Manage employee performance through motivation, delegation, development, mentoring and resolving conflict. Take corrective action as necessary on a timely basis and in accordance with company policy. Provide and/or coordinate training as needed. Consult with Human Resources Department as appropriate.
Conduct regular department meetings to foster employee engagement, communicate any changes to company policies and procedures, address employee concerns, foster idea sharing and
suggestions for improvement.
Strong understanding of budgeting and ability to interrupt P&L's.
Excellent communication (verbal and written), interpersonal and professional interactive skills are necessary to perform at a high degree of proficiency. Ability to effectively write reports, present information and respond to questions from suppliers, customers, management and inter-department staff. Capable of working with internal staff from other departments in a proactive and constructive manner.
Strong leadership skills, including the ability to mentor and develop individuals and teams. Able to engage and lead team discussions and meetings. Understands team dynamics and works well within a team structure. Collaborative management style and strategic team player. Delegates responsibilities effectively.
A mastery of organizational and project management skills, including the ability to plan, prioritize and execute multiple initiatives/deadlines autonomously and shift priorities as necessary. Able to manage large, complex projects. Uses time effectively and able to work independently.
Excellent listening, negotiation and presentation skills.
Ability to build working relationships with internal business partners, vendors and customers.
Customer Service – Respond promptly to requests for service and assistance as needed. Follow up as needed.
Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner. Expertise in gathering and analyzing information skillfully. Develops alternative solutions.
Judgment - Displays willingness to make decisions. Exhibits sound and accurate judgment. Makes timely decisions.
Professionalism - Approaches others in a tactful manner. Reacts well under pressure. Follows through on commitments.
Detail Oriented – Attention to details and accuracy.
Ability to understand and execute all relevant policies and procedures in a consistent, timely and objective manner.
Strong understanding of financial concepts (including pricing and forecasting)
Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time. Ensures work responsibilities and customer requirements are covered when absent. Arrives at meetings and appointments on time.
Proficient use of MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Project, and Outlook) required.
Familiarity with High Jump, People Soft, Voice Recognition and RF devices preferred.
5-7 years of related operations and management experience in a warehouse or distribution environment.
Travel (approx. 10%) may be required to visit other Warehouses Distribution Centers and office locations, customer meetings, company events, staff meetings, training sessions, and/or industry or vendor trade shows
May be required to utilize personal vehicle for business travel. Must maintain a valid driver license and provide proof of current automobile insurance coverage as set forth by Sysco.
This position may require evening, weekend or other shift work depending on business needs.
Must be familiar with OSHA regulations.
Bachelor's Degree required or 10+ years' equivalent education and experience.
PI97146042
