International Rescue Committee 

Job title: Humanitarian 
Job location: New York, New York
Job description: 
The International Rescue Committee (IRC) is among the world's leading humanitarian relief and development organizations. For 80 years, the IRC has been at the forefront of every major humanitarian initiative to assist people uprooted by war, persecution, or civil conflict. IRC staff go to the toughest places, implement both immediate response and long lasting programs, and conduct the type of applied research and advocacy the aid community needs to continually push itself to find better solutions for people. In all its country programs and in the US, IRC teams partner with local governments and others to achieve outcomes related to people's health, education, safety, power and economic well- being. Today we have active programs in over 35 countries along with 27 resettlement centers in the US.
The IRC recognized several years ago that while our focus on impact evaluations and research had put us on the cutting edge among NGOs for assessing contribution to impact, support to country programs on routine monitoring and use of data for decision making was not as strong as needed. This was true both for progam data in support of our beneficiaries as well as our operations data in support of all aspects of running a global organization the size and scope of the IRC. To help address this gap, the IRC developed a new five-year (2015-2020) strategy. A key component of that strategy is to make the IRC more data-driven in all matters. This position has been created to help develop and track the internal data needed by the IRC to continually measure and improve our operational performance. The work will be done in partnership with other data driven programs underway at the IRC, including an effort in our Policy and Practice group around Organizational Measurement for program tracking. The IT group within the IRC provides the enabling technology to support both of these efforts.
Job Overview:
This position sits within the Operations & Strategy Department and coordinates all aspects of internal operations data analysis and review across the organization. Initial efforts will focus expanding the operations scorecards project, which focuses on training country teams on utilizing data dashboards that display key metrics for measuring our Supply Chain, Information Technology and Human Resource functions (all of which report directly into the Operations & Strategy Department), in support of the broader Strategy efforts for the organization.
The scope of the job includes both leadership and technical responsibilities. The selected candidate will have strong data expertise as well as experience implementing change efforts conceived to strengthen both leadership commitment to and specific practice of data analysis and using data to drive decision making and improved operational performance. The selected candidate will need to have experience with change management in complex, international organizations and have the ability to lead through both direct reports and influence of peers and others throughout the organization.
Major Responsibilities:
1. LEADER: Act as the senior leader who brings vision, cohesion and pragmatism to create a strong culture of performance and collaboration in the implementation of the data analytics within operations and more broadly throughout the IRC. Work with the IT team to advise and coach the Operations teams on best practices in data collection, data management, data quality management and data analysis. As this is a newly formed team, a major initial responsibility of the role will be to define, prioritize and manage the portfolio of work to be undertaken by the team, with an aim toward shaping a strong team identity and a better understanding within the IRC of what data analytics teams are responsible for and what they can provide strategically to the organization.
2. MANAGER: Provide technical guidance and coaching/training as well as provide and maintain a supervisory presence with direct reports. The director is expected to nurture and develop his/her team and also lead other measurement colleagues, leverage diverse competencies, identify and promote talent, provide and receive candid and actionable feedback and create the incentives needed for a high performing and energized team of professionals.
3. TECHNICAL EXPERT: The director will be responsible for assuring data analytics efforts in the Operations departments are both simple and of high quality, adding expertise and direction to the use of core metrics across countries, understanding and use of data collection and analysis methods and tools for ongoing performance improvement. The director will also be expected to represent the IRC externally to various groups focused in similar areas. Given the size of the team, hands on analytical work will be required.
4. STRONG TEAM PLAYER & COLLABORATOR: This position will need to work closely with multiple other groups to be effective - including regional and country leadership and field staff, the IT team as a whole and leadership in each of the Operations departments (HR, IT and Global Supply Chain). In addition, the role is a member of the Operations and Strategy Leadership Team and will be expected to help drive the boarder operational objectives across the organization.
Key Working Relationships:
Position reports to: Senior Vice President, Operations & Strategy
Position directly supervises: 1-2 direct reports based in New York
Works closely with: Regional coordinators in each area Operations departments (i.e. HR, IT and Global Supply Chain) as well as development resources in IT to achieve needed tool environment and data analytics capability
Other Internal and/or external contacts: Peers within the Operations & Strategy leadership team (i.e. the department leaders over HR, IT and Global Supply Chain); Director of Organizational Measurement in Policy & Practice department, Outcome and Evidence Framework team
Job Requirements:
Education: Advanced degree in relevant field.
Work Experience: 8-10 years of relevant experience including significant experience in data analysis in organizational settings. Previous experience in the humanitarian sector is a plus.
Demonstrated Skills and Competencies: Leadership and change management are a priority for this role, as well as expertise and experience in all aspects of collecting, managing and analyzing data collected, particularly in resource limited settings. Knowledge of the trends and issues in data management and data analysis efforts for non-profits. Experience training and mentoring staff as well as serving in a supervisory role ideally within a data analytics group, project management experience, and in particular the ability to manage multiple tasks and keep them on time and within budget, and a proven ability to coordinate effectively among a range of organizational units, diverse cultures and work experience. The chosen candidate will be a proven team player with the ability to work with multi-cultural teams and under tight deadlines. Strong verbal and written communication and facilitation skills required.
Language Skills: Excellent spoken and written English essential. Proficiency in French or Arabic is a plus.
Working Environment: Standard office environment (based in NY). International travel for workshops and trainings with field staff may be required.

