L’Occitane en Provence

Job title: Humanitarian 
Job location: Jersey, CA, US
Job description: 
The L'OCCITANE Group is a global, natural and organic ingredient-based cosmetics and well-being products maker, producer and retailer. The Group is built on strong values of entrepreneurship, team work, respect and authenticity. It is committed to developing products that are increasingly respectful of both man and his environment.
The Group has five brands : L'OCCITANE en Provence, Melvita, Erborian et L'OCCITANE au Brésil.
With a presence in 90 countries, our products are distributing in more than 2,900 stores in the world.
Position Description
Position: Ecommerce Supervisor
Location: NADC (Dayton, NJ)
CONTRACT TYPE: Full-Time Permanent
REPORTS TO: Ecommerce and Production Manager
L'OCCITANE EN PROVENCE, founded in 1976 in the Provence region of France, has been a fixture in nearly every French home for many years. Our products, based on essential oils and natural ingredients, and our boutiques with their warm and welcoming colors, are the essence of the region of Provence. We are in the midst of a rapid expansion that will place our unique, charming and elegant boutiques in better shopping areas nationwide. L'Occitane stands true to its long-standing commitment to both humanitarian aid and its fight to protect the natural environment. It is full of life and creativity with the ultimate goal to preserve the memory of its traditions.
Position Summary
The primary purpose of the role is to effectively manage the E-commerce order fulfilment for L’Occitane and Emerging Brands. Ensure all service levels and lead times are achieved. Manage the Ecommerce floor ensuring the correct flow from Receiving, Order Management, Processing and Shipping.
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITES
  Fulfil customer orders targeting the one day lead time rule (subject to change based on business needs)
  Ensure orders are released and shipped considering the daily priorities:
  Canada
  QVC
  Express and Overnight
  L’Occitane Standard
  Emerging brands
  Lead Ecommerce team using the L’Occitane Prosperity Principals. Mentoring and leading by example.
  Administrate attendance, TOR and Payroll files accurately in the daily basis.
  Manage Ecommerce storage and picking locations ensuring increased productivity and smooth workflow.
  Monitor equipment through weekly maintenance checks. Reporting equipment issues on time.
  Ensure all SOP are followed to guarantee the customers are receiving an order 100% accurate, damage free within the expected lead time depending of the selected shipping method. Paying special attention to Hazmat Products.
  Receiving.
  Picking.
  Packing.
  QA.
  Pilot.
  Shipping.
  Returns.
  Ensure the department documentation (hard copies and electronic) are correctly filed for easy retrieval.
  Organize training with new hires following (and adjusting) training check list, as well as retraining for the team throughout the year to ensure all processes are followed correctly.
  Target the team to accomplish and OPH of 20. Identify and remedy any bottle necks that prevent this goal from being achieved.
  Work through the year preparing for the holiday season with a continuous improvement mind set.
  Work closely with customer service department to provide the best service experience for our customers.
  Report any inventory discrepancies or damages to the appropriate teams
  Track the productivity of the team using KPIs to determine opportunities and potential changes in process.
  Ensure the department meets the NADC cleanliness and organization standards.
  Work closely with Production Department to cross train temporal staffing.
  Complete the assignments before the deadlines even if this requires working extra hours.
  Offer flexibility to work extended hours, weekends or night shift based on business needs.
  Provide support to the DC Operation when necessary.
  Any other responsibility can be added to this role as per management discretion.SKILLS / ABILITIES – COMPETENCIES
Level 3
  Teamwork - Understands team issues and how these impact on others
  Communications - Is able to present and exchange information at all levels in the company
  Achieving results – Uses team to achieve departmental objectives.
  Business awareness - Helps to develop others understanding of company procedures, true stories and structure
  Self-Motivation - Supports development of others in team through own motivation
  Customer Focus – Encourages team to deliver excellent customer service at all times
  Planning and Prioritising - Is able to prioritize tasks to achieve objectives
  Problem Solving & Decision Making – Makes decisions when confident of procedure or policy
  People Management - Supervises and supports individual performance towards objectives. Takes corrective action promptly when necessary
Managing change – Understands rational behind changes and supports implementation
  PROSPERITY
Professional - We do great work and talk about results rather than just process. We consistently do what we say will do. We do not engage in gossip and address conflict directly, positively and productively.
  Open - We are known for our candor and directness and are non-political. We ask questions designed to help us understand our business strategy, the market and our customers.
  Simple - We do not over-complicate. We discuss root causes and address issues quickly and directly. We are decisive and talk about what is best for our people, our customers and our business.
  Positive - We exhibit good listening skills and always assume positive intent.
  Entrepreneurial - We take calculated risks and will challenge prevailing assumptions when warranted. We spend the company’s money as if it is our own. We move fast and will make a few mistakes if it leads to thoughtful analysis, innovation and continuous improvement.
  Respectful - We treat people well regardless of their status or whether they share our opinion. We question any actions that are inconsistent with our values.
  Inspiring - We focus our actions on things that will further L’OCCITANE’s success and inspire others with our pursuit of excellence. We lead by example and represent the best of L’OCCITANE through our words and actions.
  Team Player - Problem Solving & Decision Making - We seek what is best for our team and L’OCCITANE. We source ideas from everywhere and are not concerned where they come from. We share information openly and proactively with others. We celebrate team wins.
  Yourself - We represent L’OCCITANE in all aspects of our work. We live the L’OCCITANE values and strive to be our true, authentic self every day.
POSITION PRE-REQUISITES
  Degree level education or equivalent relevant experience
At least 5 years of Operations experience in a similar role within DC operations
  Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Outlook
  Ability to work to deadlines while under pressure
  Ability to learn from challenge and change
  Excellent communication at all levels
Certified in counter balance and reach trucks
Working knowledge of SAP and WMS
L'Occitane is an Equal Opportunities Employer and as such, treats all applications equally and recruits purely on the basis of skills and experience.

