Job description :
OPERATIONS MANAGER - SAN RAFAEL, CA
Our mission is to offer the most affordable fresh food solution for businesses. Byte uses proprietary IoT refrigerators to deliver fresh, delicious, healthy food to employees at work. At our core, we are a company that spans hardware, software, and food. Ultimately we improve people’s health, happiness and productivity at work by providing what customers have called a “Whole Foods in the workplace.” Our business is growing quickly and we’re looking for the right person who is excited to shake-up an archaic industry.
JOB DESCRIPTION
We are looking for a high-energy Operations Manager with excellent leadership skills to manage our fridge operations in the Bay Area. Byte is growing rapidly and we need someone to oversee supply chain and production of our smart refrigerators, and field service for units in the field. You will be in charge of managing a team that ensures kiosks in the field are properly serviced and production is keeping pace with sales.
This includes:
Hiring, managing, training and coaching field technicians and kiosk assembly/delivery employees
Using technology to make our operation more efficient
Responsibility for parts inventory management and ordering
Develop and manage key operating metrics
Develop standards, processes, and procedures for ensuring repeatable, quality work
Production:
Oversee parts procurement and receiving
Manage schedule of the kiosk production staff
Arrange for kiosk delivery and setup
Maintain ongoing inventory counts
Field operations:
Plan and optimize kiosk service priorities, schedule, and routes
Proactive monitoring of fleet uptime
Acts as liaison between sales, production, client service, and field support
The ideal candidate is passionate about creating a lean, efficient organization that identifies problems fast and fixes them even faster. They have experience managing others and are eager to develop employees into a team of high performers. They know how to use data to drive business decisions and increase operational efficiency. Above all they are passionate about increasing access to delicious, healthy food.
REQUIREMENTS:
5+ years of experience managing operations including either production operations, supply chain, or service operations
Very strong communicator, strong interpersonal skills
Prior experience at a fast-growing company or working in a high growth atmosphere
Experience working in a professionally run warehouse
Comfort using tech to manage your workforce
Prior experience directly supervising hourly staff
Passionate about using process and procedures to ensure customer happiness
Impeccable organizational skills (you live off of To Do Lists, Calendars, checklists, and procedures)
Humble, nimble, team player, self-directed
Ability to work in Excel, Word, Google Docs, Google Sheets, and other online tools for payroll, time tracking, and inventory management
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience with electronics and electronics repair
