UNICEF

Job title: Humanitarian 
Job location: New York, New York
Job description: 
For every child, a champion!
Are you a female leader ready to take on a challenge where the expectations on you as a leader are high and where the environment you serve in can be hard and extraordinary? Are you ready to be pushed far outside your comfort zone culturally, geographically and intellectually to lead teams that will serve the most vulnerable children of our world? If yes, this UNICEF campaign is just right for you!
The international community is constantly faced with increasingly complex humanitarian crises which place children and women at significant risk. UNICEF has a long history of working in emergencies and humanitarian contexts, both natural and human-made. Every year, UNICEF responds to hundreds of emergencies worldwide.
We are searching for resilient female leaders for emergencies!
In this campaign UNICEF works closely together with Impactpool to reach senior female leaders and fulfill fair and important diversity targets within UNICEF!
Diversity at all levels in the workforce is important because it brings a varied range of views to the table that contributes to a more rounded decision making, it contributes significantly to improving communication and creates an inclusive environment. Diversity also increases sensitivity and responsiveness to the partners, clients and broader population that we serve.
- Nana Yaa Nikoi, Associate Director, Strategic Staffing & Business Partnering Branch at UNICEF
Our mutual goal is clear; we are searching for resilient female leaders, passionate about making a lasting difference for children who are ready to serve where the need is the greatest and where the work conditions may be very challenging.
We strongly recommend women to apply to the following vacancies:
· Monitoring & Evaluation Specialist (Polio), P-4, Islamabad, Pakistan, #84019
Closes: 2017-03-21 | Islamabad
· Partnerships Manager, (P-4), Ndjamena, Chad
Closes: 2017-03-17 | N'Djamena
· TA Social Policy Specialist, P-3, Bamako Mali (364 days)
Closes: 2017-03-16 | Bamako
· TA Communication Specialist, P 3, Erbil , Iraq, (364 days)
Closes soon: 2017-03-10 | Erbil
· TA WASH Cluster Coordinator, P 4, Baghdad, Iraq (364 days)
Closes soon: 2017-03-09 | Baghdad
· TA Roving Child Protection Sub-Cluster Coordinator, P3, Erbil, Iraq ( 6 months)
Closes soon: 2017-03-09 | Erbil
· TA Emergency Specialist (Coordinator), P-4, Maiduguri Nigeria, ( 364 Days)
Closes soon: 2017-03-08 | Maiduguri
· Monitoring & Evaluation Specialist, P 3, N'Djamena , Chad
Closes soon: 2017-03-08 | N'Djamena
HOW TO APPLY:
For more information about the required qualifications and competencies for these positions, and instructions on how to apply, please click above on the "Apply on Company Website" button. You will be directed to the Campaign Page, where you will be able to view and apply to the individual vacancies listed.

