Directs and leads the delivery of highly complex IT applications and systems, which includes leadership of multiple dependent projects across multiple functional areas and technology platforms.
Responsible for all program oversight, including planning, directing, and managing cross-functional team members.
Leads meetings with executive business partners and technology leadership to understand business goals and solutions needs, including participation in business requirements definition.
Develops program-level vision, strategy, approach, and implementation plans required to achieve necessary business outcomes.
Facilitates the creation of business cases, program road-maps, and program governance structures to support Project Managers. Ensures the integrated scope, schedule, budget, and quality of multiple project teams.
Responsible for developing detailed project charters and plans, specifying goals, objectives, strategy, scope, budget, scheduling, risk mitigation strategies, contingency plans, approach, requirements, deliverables, timelines, work breakdown structures, use case, test case, and training needs, as necessary for all project assignments.
Identifies, tracks and manages program level risks and issues. Serves as escalation point to resolve program issues, remove roadblocks, formulate contingency plans and communicate status to programs executive leadership team. Ensures the sequencing of projects is appropriate at the program level.
Functions as central point of program communication and status for program team members, stakeholders, management and executives. Communications are professional, timely, and clear and present the correct level of information based on audience.
Directs the application of various technical disciplines such as process improvement, data analysis, architectural review, quality assurance and facilitation. Provides objective advice, expertise and leadership support to program team members with the aim of creating value, driving program work, and delivering to business expectations.
Accountable for adherence to established delivery standards and industry best practices to insure successful project delivery leads to the overall program goals being achieved.
3 years of program management experience across multiple IT projects is required.
Project management experience in a retail environment required.
Experience with retail logistics and distribution centers preferred.
