Manage multiple, complex programs and projects
Identify and escalate conflicts and be able to manage trade-offs involving features, cost, design, and schedule
Drive process optimization and identify opportunities for improving our service offerings
Effectively communicate with cross functional teams (DevOps, QA, Ops)
Evaluate new technologies and make recommendations for future programs and services
Plan and ensure project execution is within aggressive timelines
Ensure internal teams are armed with accurate and detailed information to facilitate execution and deployments
Identify opportunities to simplify systems implementations; remove custom code and complexity to enable highly performant, scalable platforms
Demonstrate a positive attitude, great communication and ability to learn new skills
Serve as technical lead during client onboarding and implementations
Partner with Operations and Partner Engineering to identify areas in need of improvement to increase customer satisfaction and decrease follow up support requests
Lead discussion and documentation of lessons learned and drive continuous improvement into all project processes
Assume responsibility and drive ownership for issue resolution
3 -5 years of relevant work experience in technical program management in software applications and\or a services environment.
Excellent problem-solving skills.
Experience communicating the technical design, customer scenarios, and product strategy with technical and non-technical stakeholders at all levels across multiple business units.
Experience with coding and familiarity with the developer tools and latest cloud technologies.
Familiarity with DevOps software development methods.
Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, release management and operations.
Experience with Cloud services like AWS or Azure.
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to communicate effectively with both technical and nontechnical individuals.
Extreme attention to detail.
Must be team-oriented and be able to work in a close-knit environment.
Individual must share passion and commitment to customer satisfaction.
